Privacy Policy | Camping World ___ Enable accessibility Cookie Policy When you interact with our site, we use cookies and collect information/data as described in our Privacy Policy . You can "Reject" or "Accept" cookies by clicking on the corresponding buttons. Please note that you cannot reject necessary, functional, or performance cookies. Reject Accept Privacy Preferences <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PQ7C5PP"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Skip to main content Skip to footer content FREE shipping over $99. Good Sam members: FREE shipping over $69. | Join Now Shop RVs Shop Gear Rent RVs Shop Boats FREE shipping over $99. Good Sam members: FREE shipping over $69. | Join Now Need Help? (888)-626-7576 | Main Menu Sign In Create Account Check My Order My Favorites My Store: Find a Store Shop By Category Inside RV Inside RV RV Furniture RV Furniture Recliners, Swivels, & Gliders Sofas Furniture Covers Indoor Tables Storage Ottomans Furniture Accessories Other Chairs Dinette Tables & Chairs A/C's & Heaters A/C's & Heaters Air Conditioners & Accessories Indoor Heaters & Furnaces Portable Fans RV Appliances RV Appliances Large Appliances Small Appliances Vacuum & Steam Mops Bath & Laundry Bath & Laundry Bathroom Fixtures Bathroom Accessories & Storage Bathroom Supplies Laundry Supplies Washers & Dryers Kitchen & Dining Kitchen & Dining Cookware Small Appliances Kitchen Utensils & Tools Dinnerware & Placemats Flatware & Cutlery Food Storage Kitchen Organization & Storage Kitchen Linens & Liners Kitchen Floor Mats Kitchen Fixtures Kitchen Cleaning & Air Fresheners Bar & Wine Bedroom Bedroom Mattresses Mattress Pads & Toppers Sheets Comforters, Blankets & Throws Pillows Bed Ladders, Rails & Accessories Bedroom & Closet Storage Window Treatments Window Treatments Blinds & Shades Draperies & Curtains Window Coverings & Hardware Home Decor Home Decor Adhesive Hooks & Hangers Over Door & Key Racks Wall Art Clocks Coasters Other Decor Indoor Lighting Indoor Lighting Light Switches & Dimmers Accessory Lighting Bulbs Ceiling Fixtures Wall Fixtures Indoor Electrical Indoor Electrical RV Power Converters & Chargers Power Inverters RV Storage & Organization RV Storage & Organization Storage Boxes Collapsible Storage Tool Boxes & Storage Bedroom & Closet Storage Renovation Renovation Wall Coverings Floor Coverings Cabinetry Safety Safety Smoke Alarms and Gas Sensors Fire Extinguishers Outside RV Outside RV Camp Chairs, Rockers & Recliners Camp Chairs, Rockers & Recliners Director's Chairs Folding Bag Chairs Rockers Kids, Boosters & High Chairs Ottomans & Chair Accessories Reclining Camp Chairs Hanging Chairs & Hammocks Patio Mats & Step Rugs Patio Mats & Step Rugs Patio Mats Step Rugs Awnings, Canopies & Shades Awnings, Canopies & Shades Canopies & Shades Carports & Car Canopies RV Awnings RV Roof Vents & Fans RV Roof Vents & Fans Ceiling Fans Fan & Vent Accessories Vent Covers Grills & Picnic Grills & Picnic Grills, Griddles & Smokers Picnic Grilling Accessories Outdoor Electrical Outdoor Electrical Electrical Hardware Solar Power Protection Power Protection Electrical Monitors & Testers Surge Protection Voltage Management Air Conditioners & Accessories Air Conditioners & Accessories Air Conditioner Covers Air Conditioners Air Distribution & Assemblies Other AC Parts & Accessories Shrouds Thermostats Tables Tables Cooking Tables Folding Camp Tables Picnic Tables Side Tables Table Legs & Bases Fire Pits & Patio Heaters Fire Pits & Patio Heaters Fire Pits Outdoor Fireplaces Patio Heaters Patio & Garden Patio & Garden RV Doormats Patio Decor Patio Furniture Patio Lights Fire Pits & Patio Heaters RV Patio Awnings Outdoor Lighting Outdoor Lighting Bulbs Outdoor Fixtures LED Fixtures Light Switches & Dimmers Patio Lights Tools, Ramps & Ladders Tools, Ramps & Ladders Garage Accessories & Floor Mats Ramps Steps & Ladders Tools Storage Cycling Cycling Bikes e-Bikes Bike Helmets Pack Bags & Trailers Bike Accessories Bike Racks Bike Components Kids' Cycling Hoverboards Scooters Powersports Powersports ATVs/UTVs Dirt Bikes e-Bikes Go-Karts Mini Bikes Electric Scooters Safety Equipment Accessories Maintain RV Maintain RV Sewer Sewer Black Water Sewer Chemicals Sewer Connection Toilets Fresh Water Fresh Water Fresh Water Hoses RV Fresh Water Pumps & Accessories Fresh Water Tanks & Accessories Fresheners & Softeners Regulators, Reels & Fittings Water Filtration Water Heater Parts & Accessories RV Water Heaters Bathroom Faucets Kitchen Faucets Shower RV Roof Vents & Fans RV Roof Vents & Fans Ceiling Fans Fan & Vent Accessories Roof Vents & Fans Roof Vent Covers RV Hardware, Maintenance & Repair RV Hardware, Maintenance & Repair Door & Window Repair & Maintenance RV Cleaners & Supplies RV Exterior Hardware RV Interior Hardware Storage Bays Propane Propane RV Propane Accessories Propane Alarms & Detectors Propane Cylinders Propane Hoses & Adapters Propane Tank Covers Tools, Ramps & Ladders Tools, Ramps & Ladders Garage Accessories & Floor Mats Ramps Steps & Ladders Storage Tools Batteries Batteries Alkaline Batteries Automotive & RV Batteries Battery Boxes, Trays & Tie Downs Battery Chargers Battery Cleaners & Protectants Battery Parts & Accessories Fuses Jump Starters Air Conditioners & Accessories Air Conditioners & Accessories Air Conditioner Covers Air Conditioners Air Distribution & Assemblies Other AC Parts & Accessories Shrouds Thermostats Jacks, Leveling & Chocks Jacks, Leveling & Chocks Chocks Jack Accessories Levels & Leveling Systems Stabilizing Jacks Tongue Jacks Power Protection Power Protection Electrical Monitors & Testers Surge Protection Voltage Management Winterizing Covers Covers RV Covers RV Covers 5th Wheel Covers Travel Trailer Covers Camper Covers Class A Covers Class B Covers Class C Covers Toy Hauler Covers Teardrop Covers R-Pod Covers Propane Tank Covers Generator Covers Vehicle & Powersport Covers Tire Covers Window Covers RV Accessories Covers Motorcycle Covers RV Wind Skirts RV Stabilization & Auto RV Stabilization & Auto Jacks, Leveling & Chocks Jacks, Leveling & Chocks Chocks Jack Accessories Levels & Leveling Systems Stabilizing Jacks Tongue Jacks Shocks & Stabilizers Shocks & Stabilizers Air Spring & Suspension Products Shocks Stabilizer Mounting Hardware Steering Stabilizers Sway Bar Stabilizers Stabilizing Jacks Wheel & Tire Accessories Wheel & Tire Accessories Air Compressors Brakes Other Tire Accessories Tire Gauges Tire Inflators Tire Valves & Caps Wheels & Wheel Covers Tire Covers Tire Pressure Monitoring Systems Automotive Parts & Fluids Automotive Parts & Fluids Air Filters & Spark Plugs Engine Performance & Additives Fuel Additives & Efficiency Sensors & Monitors Automotive & RV Batteries Jump Starters Automotive Accessories Automotive Accessories Automotive Replacement Bulbs Bed Boxes & Fuel Tanks Cargo Carriers Horns Interior Accessories & Organization Light Bars Other Automotive Accessories Tie Downs & Bungee Cords Truck Steps Windshield Wipers Trailer Wind Deflectors Generators Generators Portable Generators Generator Covers Generator Parts & Accessories Inverter Generators Portable Power Stations Camping Camping Camping Tents Camping Tents Tent Accessories Truck Tents Instant Canopies & Shelters Sleeping Bags, Cots & Air Beds Sleeping Bags, Cots & Air Beds Pads, Cots & Air Beds Sleeping Bags Camping Chairs Camping Chairs Director's Chairs Folding & Bag Chairs Hanging Chairs & Hammocks Kids, Boosters & High Chairs Ottomans & Chair Accessories Reclining Camp Chairs Rockers Coolers Coolers Cooler Accessories Hard Sided Coolers Novelty Ice Chests Soft Sided Coolers Grills & Picnic Grills & Picnic Grills, Griddles & Smokers Picnic Tables Tables Cooking Tables Folding Camp Tables Picnic Tables Side Tables Table Legs & Bases Fire Pits & Patio Heaters Fire Pits & Patio Heaters Fire Pits Outdoor Fireplaces Patio Heaters Camp Kitchen Camp Kitchen Camp Stoves & Outdoor Ovens Food & Water Insect Screens Utensils Cooking Tables Dutch Ovens Grills, Griddles & Smokers Picnic Pots & Pans Wagons & Carts Flashlights & Lanterns Flashlights & Lanterns Flashlights Headlamps Lanterns Spotlights Emergency Preparedness Emergency Preparedness First Aid Survival & Rescue Camp Tools Camp Tools Axes & Knives Camp Equipment Camp Optics Campfire Outdoor Electrical Outdoor Electrical Electrical Hardware Solar Camping Bags & Packs Camping Bags & Packs Backpacks Luggage Totes Insect Control & Repellant Insect Control & Repellant Other Repellants & Refills Sprays Torches, Lanterns & Candles Zappers Traps Hitch & Tow Hitch & Tow Trailer Towing Trailer Towing Ball Mounts & Hitch Balls Brake Controls Electric Connections Hitch Covers Hitch Receivers Hitch & Trailer Locks Sway Controls Towing Accessories Trailer Wind Deflectors Weight Distribution Hitches Hitches Hitches 5th Wheel Hitches Gooseneck Hitches Hitch Bars Ball Mounts & Hitch Balls Weight Distribution Hitches 5th Wheel Towing 5th Wheel Towing 5th Wheel Hitch Accessories 5th Wheel King Pin Boxes 5th Wheel Vent Tail Gates 5th Wheel Hitches Backup Systems & Accessories Vehicle Towing Vehicle Towing Car Towing Accessories Rock Guards Tow Bars & Brackets Tow Car Brakes & Accessories Tow Dollies & Accessories Wiring Kits & Safety Cables Tow Mirrors Jacks, Leveling & Chocks Jacks, Leveling & Chocks Chocks Jack Accessories Levels & Leveling Systems Stabilizing Jacks Tongue Jacks Shocks & Stabilizers Shocks & Stabilizers Air Spring & Suspension Products Shocks Stabilizer Mounting Hardware Steering Stabilizers Swaybar Stabilizers Stabilizing Jacks Wheel & Tire Accessories Wheel & Tire Accessories Air Compressors Brakes Other Tire Accessories Tire Gauges Tire Inflators Tire Valves & Caps Wheels & Wheel Covers Tire Covers Tire Pressure Monitoring Systems Electronics Electronics Satellites & Receivers Satellites & Receivers Receivers Satellite Antennas Satellite & Receiver Accessories GPS & Navigation GPS & Navigation GPS Accessories GPS Units Backup Systems & Accessories Wi-Fi Systems & Cell Phone Boosters Antennas Antennas Antenna Accessories Television Antennas Alarms Alarms Carbon Monoxide Fire Alarms Security Propane Alarms & Detectors Audio & Video Audio & Video Cord Organization Mobile Accessories Radio Stereos & Speakers TV's & DVD Players Electric Thermometers Tire Pressure Monitoring Systems Active Sport Active Sport Cycling Cycling Bikes Bike Helmets Pack Bags & Trailers Bike Accessories Bike Racks Bike Components Kids' Cycling Powersports Powersports Dirt Bikes Go-Karts Mini Bikes Safety Equipment Accessories e-Bikes, Hoverboards & Scooters e-Bikes, Hoverboards & Scooters e-Bikes e-Scooters & Mopeds Hoverboards Scooters Paddle Paddle Kayaks Kayaking Gear Canoeing Bags & Cases Car Racks Stand Up Paddleboards Travel Travel Day Bags Backpacks Hiking Backpacks Hydration Packs Duffel Bags Electronic Bags & Cases Car Racks Hiking Poles Other Travel Gear Boating & Watersports Boating & Watersports Anchoring & Docking Anchoring & Docking Anchoring Boat Fenders Boat & PWC Lifts Dock Accessories Dock Boxes & Storage Dock Bumpers & Edging Dock De-Icers Dock Lines Cleats & Hardware Floating & Stationary Docks Ladders & Swim Platforms Mooring Buoys Mooring Whips Boat & Pontoon Seats Boat & Pontoon Seats Boat Seats Pontoon Boat Furniture Boats, Motors & Engine Parts Boats, Motors & Engine Parts Boat Engine Maintenance Boating Engine Parts Boating Fuel Systems Boating Gauges Boating Performance Jon Boats Outboard Motors Propellers PWC & Jet Ski Parts Steering & Control Trolling Motors Cabin, Galley & Decor Cabin, Galley & Decor Cup & Drink Holders Decor & Teak Heating Cooling & Ventilation Instruments Marine Books & Videos Marine Coolers Marine Flags & Hardware Marine Grills & Accessories Marine Interior Lighting Marine Storage Personalized Nautical Boat Covers & Tops Boat Covers & Tops Bimini Tops Boat Covers Marine Shades & Enclosures Pontoon Bimini Tops PWC & Jetski Covers Marine Electrical Marine Electrical Marine Batteries & Accessories Marine Battery Chargers & Inverters Marine Electrical Wiring & Repair Marine Lighting Shore Power Switches & Panels Marine Electronics & Navigation Marine Electronics & Navigation Action Cameras Charting & Cartography Fishfinders Depth Sounders & GPS Marine Autopilots Marine Mounts Enclosures & Storage Marine Radars Marine Stereo Marine TVs & Entertainment Multi-function Network System Thermal Cameras & Accessories VHF Marine Radios & Communication Pumps & Plumbing Pumps & Plumbing Marine Fresh Water Systems Marine Hose & Clamps Marine Pumps Marine Sanitation Plumbing Fittings Marine Maintenance & Repair Marine Maintenance & Repair Boat Cleats Boat Lettering & Numbers Boat Paint & Finishes Cleaner Applicators & Tools Cleaners Wax & Protectants Fiberglass & Gelcoat Repair Marine Carpet & Flooring Marine Drain Plugs Marine Fastener & Snap Kits Marine Hardware Marine Hatches & Latches Marine Rub Rail Marine Scuppers Marine Wiper Blades & Motors Paint Tools & Accessories Marine Safety Marine Safety Boat & PWC Mirrors Fire Extinguishers & Detectors Floating Lanyards & Rings Marine First Aid Kits Paddles & Boat Hooks Regulatory Buoys & Signs Signal Devices Survival Suits & Life Rafts Throw Cushions & Rings Watersports Flags Marine Trailering Marine Trailering Marine Trailer Brakes Bearings & Hubs Marine Trailer Bunks & Bunk Carpet Marine Trailer Guides & Guide-Ons Marine Trailer Hardware Marine Trailer Hitch Accessories Marine Trailer Jacks & Dollies Marine Trailer Lights Marine Trailer Locks & Security Marine Trailer Rollers Marine Trailer Tie-Downs Marine Trailer Wheels Marine Trailer Winches Other Marine Trailering Accessories Watersports Watersports Boats, Kayaks & Canoes Dive & Snorkel Gear Kneeboards & Multipurpose Boards Lake & Pool Leisure Life Jackets & Vests Paddleboards PWC and Jet Ski Accessories Towable Tubes Wakeboards Wakesurfer Waterskis Wetsuits Fishing Fishing Rods Reels & Combos Rods Reels & Combos Fishing Reels Fishing Rod & Reel Accessories Fishing Rod & Reel Combos Fishing Rods Terminal Tackle Terminal Tackle Line & Leaders Tackle Storage Tools & Accessories Tools & Accessories Bait Storage Filet & Processing Fishing Tools Nets Downriggers Outriggers Shallow Water Anchors Lifestyle Lifestyle Pet Pet Bowls & Feeders Collars, Leashes & Harnesses Fences, Gates & Containment Pet Apparel Pet Furniture & Covers Pet Grooming Pet Steps & Ramps Pet Toys Pet Training Waste Management Tailgating Tailgating Outdoor Games Chairs, Rockers & Recliners Camping Coolers Grills Picnic Tables Games & Toys Games & Toys Board Games & Puzzles Card Games Outdoor Games & Playground Toys Memberships Books & Directories Books & Directories Atlas Cookbooks Logs & Journals Magazines Maps Reading Aids Travel Books & Directories Health & Fitness Health & Fitness Fitness Health Baby/Toddler Men's & Women's Apparel & Accessories Shop Select Towable RVs Shop RVs Shop RVs Travel Trailers for Sale Fifth Wheels for Sale Motorhomes for Sale Clearance RVs Deals & Services Deals & Services Trending Now Deals Deals Clearance Current Ads Members Only Specials Online Specials New Products Best Sellers Services Services Design Center Performance Center Find the Perfect RV Essentials RV Service Good Sam Good Sam Good Sam - Join Today Good Sam Roadside Assistance Good Sam Rewards Credit Card Trending Now Contact Us Call Now Email Us Deals & Services Trending Now Deals Deals Clearance Current Ads Members Only Specials Online Specials New Products Best Sellers Services Services Design Center Performance Center Find the Perfect RV Essentials RV Service Good Sam Good Sam Good Sam - Join Today Good Sam Roadside Assistance Good Sam Rewards Credit Card Use Up and Down arrow keys to navigate search results. You are shopping Find a Store Sign In Sign In Create Account Check My Order My Favorites 0 Use Up and Down arrow keys to navigate search results. CWGS Privacy Policy Effective Date/Last Updated: July 1, 2023 We appreciate the trust you place in CWGS Group, LLC and the Camping World and Good Sam family of companies (collectively, “CWGS”, “we", “us”, “our”). This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process the personal information we collect and the rights and choices individuals have regarding such personal information. Your use of our Services and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Use , including their applicable terms governing limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. Persons with disabilities may obtain this Policy in alternative formats upon request by contacting us at +1 (866) 890-2810. Table of Contents Scope of this Policy Personal Information We Collect How We Use Personal Information How We May Disclose Personal Information Cookies and Similar Technologies Choices You Have About Our Processing of Your Personal Information Security of Personal Information Third-Party Links Children’s Privacy User-Generated Content International Users California Privacy Rights Colorado Privacy Rights Connecticut Privacy Rights Virginia Privacy Rights Changes to this Policy Contact Us Scope of this Policy Except as otherwise noted below, this Policy applies to the personal information CWGS collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise processes when you: Interact with our websites, mobile applications, social media sites and handles, and online services; Subscribe to receive news, information, and marketing communications from us; Participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions, surveys, and research conducted by us; Visit one of our stores, venues, campgrounds, or events; Interact or engage with us as a current, former, and prospective service provider or business partner; and/or Otherwise communicate or interact with us, such as when you email or call us (collectively, our “Services”). Additional Notices. Depending on how you engage with us, we may provide you with other privacy notices with additional details about our privacy practices. For example, this Policy does not apply to job applicants or to current or former employees in the context of their employment with us. Additionally, personal information we process pursuant to the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”) is covered by a different privacy notice. Aggregated and Deidentified Data. We may use, disclose, and otherwise process aggregated or deidentified data related to our business and your use of the Services for quality control, analytics, research, development, and other similar purposes. Aggregated and deidentified data is not personal information. CWGS is committed to maintaining and using deidentified data in compliance with applicable law. Personal Information We Collect We collect personal information directly from you, automatically through your use of Services, and from third-party sources. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may combine the information we collect about you. The personal information we may collect varies based on your relationship with us. Personal Information You Provide Some of our Services include features that permit you to provide personal information directly to us. We may collect and store personal information you enter via our Services including: Contact Information. We may collect your name, phone number, email address, and physical address when you create an account or complete a transaction with us. Account and Profile Information. If you create an account with us, we may collect your account username and password and personal information you post to your profile or account or that you otherwise submit to us through your account. Demographics. We may collect certain demographic and other personal information requested via forms, such as lead generation forms. Payments and Purchases. If you make purchases through our Services, we may collect payment information such as payment card details, payment type, credit card number or other payment account details, including billing and shipping address. Events and Bookings. If you make an appointment/reservation booking via our Services, we may the personal information provided to make such appointment/booking. Marketing and Promotions. If you agree to receive direct marketing communications from us, such as when you subscribe to our email newsletters, we may collect your email address. Online Submissions. We may collect any personal information you provide by interacting via our online forums and with our online chat features, or by commenting on content posted in public areas of our Services. Please note that these comments posted in public areas of our Services are also visible to other users of our Services. Social Media Information. We may collect your social media handle when you interact with our Services through social media. Surveys and Feedback. We may collect the personal information you provide when you complete a survey administered by us or otherwise provide us with feedback. Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions. We may collect the personal information you provide when you participate in a contest or sweepstakes we offer, which may include your social security number (or other applicable government identification number) and driver’s license number if you win such contest or sweepstakes. We may also be required to post the names of winners depending on the jurisdiction. Communications and Interactions. If you contact us, such as at our call centers, we may keep a record of that correspondence and any information provided, including via call recording. When you email or otherwise communicate with us, we collect and maintain a record of those communications. If you interact or engage with us via the live chat functions available through the Services, we collect your messages, questions, feedback, and any other information you so choose to provide. Health Information. We may collect medical or health information you provide to us when requesting special accommodations or filing incident reports while using our Services. Business Development Information. To assess and pursue potential business opportunities, we may collect and receive personal information about current, former, and prospective service providers and business partners including name, company information, contact details, and communications records. Other Information. We may collect any other personal information you choose to submit to us via our Services. Personal Information We Collect Automatically When you interact with our Services, certain personal information about your use of our Services may be collected automatically through the use of cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies. The personal information we may automatically collect includes: Device and Browsing Information. Details of your visits to our websites and Services, and personal information generated in the course of the use of our Services, including traffic data, general location data, which may be derived from your IP address, weblogs and other communication data, and how you reached our websites (the referring and exiting URLs). We also may collect details regarding the device you use to access our Services, including, but not limited to, your IP address, unique ID, operating system, and browser type. Activities and Usage. We also may collect activity information related to your use of the Services, such as information about the links clicked, searches conducted, features used, items viewed and added to your cart, files and content uploaded, streamed, or deleted, time spent within the Services, and your interactions with us and others within the Services. Location Information. When accessing our websites on a mobile device or using any of our mobile applications, we may access your general location if you have enabled location services on your device for our mobile applications. We also may collect GPS details from your motorized RV (if enabled with such functionality) if you do not delete this data from your vehicle’s device before you provide us with your motorized RV. Interactions. We may collect personal information about how you interact with our Services, such as our emails, ads, and newsletters, including whether you open or click links in any correspondences. Images and Videos. We may collect your photographic or video image if you visit one of our stores. For more information about our use of cookies and other similar technologies, please see the “Cookies and Similar Technologies” section below. Personal Information We Collect from Third Parties We collect some personal information from third parties including business partners, advertising networks, Internet service providers, data analytics and marketing providers, and operating systems and platforms: Personal information about your browsing history, search history, interactions with websites, and applications or advertisements. Personal information from our business partners with whom we collaborate on various matters, including if you make purchases from marketplaces that sell our products and services. Personal information to further supplement or validate the information we otherwise collect about you. Publicly Available Information Subject to applicable law, we may collect information about you that is publicly available, including on our websites, third-party websites, and otherwise. Please note that we are not responsible for what third parties do with information you make available in public areas of our Services or elsewhere. How We Use Personal Information We may use the personal information we collect for the following purposes: Providing our Services. To allow you to maintain your account with us and otherwise run our day-to-day operations, to provide you with our products and services, including to complete transactions, to take steps to enter into a contract for a sale or for services, to process payments, to fulfill orders, to send service communications (including product safety and recall-related notices), and for other customer service functions. Marketing and Promotions. Subject to applicable law, to contact you regarding offers, promotions, discounts, and other services, provided by us or our third-party business partners that may interest you. Tailored Advertising and Ad Effectiveness. To deliver tailored advertising of our Services based on your preferences or interests across services and devices and for measuring the effectiveness of ads, including understanding our customer base and purchasing trends. This includes creating custom audiences on social media websites and search engine platforms. Responding to Inquiries. To contact you in response to an inquiry, complaint, or incident report. This includes responding to your comments and reviews of our Services on social media websites and search engine platforms. Research and Surveys. To administer surveys and questionnaires, such as for market research or customer satisfaction purposes. Planning and Managing Events. For event planning and management purposes, including registration, attendance, connecting you with other event attendees, and contacting you about relevant events and Services. Customization and Personalization. To tailor content we may send or display to you, to enable additional features on our Services, and to provide you with a personalized service. Membership Program. If you are a member of our Good Sam Membership program, to administer that program. Improving our Services. To improve and grow our business, including understanding how our Services are being used, for analytics purposes, and to develop new features, products, or services, and for internal quality control and training purposes. Auditing, Reporting, and Other Internal Operations. To conduct financial, tax, and accounting audits; audits and assessments of our operations, privacy, security, and financial controls and compliance with legal obligations; our general business, accounting, record keeping, and legal functions; and to maintain appropriate business records and enforce company policies and procedures. In support of our General Business Operations. To assess, execute on, and implement mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, dispositions, bankruptcies, and other business transactions such as financings. Protecting our Rights and Responding to Legal Requests/Obligations. To protect the Services and our business operations, and to protect our rights or those of our stakeholders; to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies and Terms of Use, or activities that may be fraudulent or illegal; and to comply with legal requirements regarding the provision of products and services. Other Purposes. For other purposes where we provide notice, obtain your consent, or that are otherwise required or permitted by applicable law. How We May Disclose Personal Information We may disclose the personal information we collect for the purposes described above and as follows: Affiliates and Subsidiaries. We may disclose personal information with current or future affiliates or subsidiaries to provide services and for research, marketing, and other purposes consistent with this Policy. Service Providers. We may disclose personal information to service providers who perform functions on our behalf. These service providers include entities that provide delivery services, customer information management services, customer communications and marketing services, billing and collection services, payment processing and order fulfillment services, auditing and accounting services, professional services/consultants, analytics services, security services, companies who administer our products and services, and IT support services. Social Media Platforms. We may respond to or otherwise engage with social media posts or messages directed at one of our accounts, or which reference our products or services. If you publicly share content about us or our products or services, we may choose to re-post or otherwise share that content with social media companies and our followers, subject to the terms of the relevant social media platform. Additionally, your interaction with us through social media typically allows the social media company to collect some personal information about you through cookies or other tracking mechanisms on our websites. In some cases, the social media company may recognize you through its digital cookies even when you do not interact with their application. Please visit the social media companies’ privacy policies to better understand their data collection practices and privacy settings. Third-Party Advertisers. We may disclose personal information to third-party advertisers for marketing and advertising purposes. These companies may use tracking technologies to collect or receive information from our Services and elsewhere on the Internet and use that information to provide analytical services, interest tagging, and ad targeting on our behalf. For more information, please see the “Cookies and Similar Technologies” section below. Business Partners. To enhance your user experience, we may provide personal information to a select group of companies that offer products and services that may interest you. For example, we may offer promotions – such as sweepstakes or free camping – in collaboration with business partners. We may disclose your personal information with these business partners if they need it to send you a product, such as to fulfill a prize or the offer of a free night of camping. Other Users. If you submit or make available information through our public-facing, interactive online features and forums, such as when you post reviews, testimonials, or questions about our products or services, information such as your name, review, testimonial, or question, may be available to, and searchable by, other users of the Services. Acquirers of Business Assets. We may sell certain of our businesses or assets to other companies in connection with mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, dispositions, bankruptcies, and other business transactions such as financings. When such transactions take place, your information may constitute a part of the transferred business assets. In the event that we, or any of our affiliates, sell some, all, or substantially all of our assets to another company, your personal information likely will be disclosed and transferred as an asset to such company, as well as in contemplation of such transactions (e.g., due diligence). Law Enforcement and Government Authorities. We disclose personal information to comply with legal proceedings, such as pursuant to a court order or subpoena, or if we reasonably believe such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of regulators, law enforcement, or other public authorities; to enforce our Terms of Use, sweepstakes/contest rules; to assert or defend other legal claims; and to protect the safety, integrity, and security of our Services, users, and information. Other Disclosures. We may disclose personal information in other ways not described above that we notify you of or that we obtain your consent for, or that are otherwise required or permitted by applicable law. These third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may be located outside your jurisdiction of residence, as described below in the “International Users” section. Cookies and Similar Technologies We use cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies to automatically collect and record information about your browsing activities and use of our Services. We use this information to, for example, analyze and understand how users access, use, and interact with our Services, to identify and resolve bugs and errors in our Services, to assess secure, protect, optimize, and improve the performance of our Services, to prevent fraud and protect our Services, as well as for targeted marketing and advertising purposes, for analytics purposes, and to personalize content in our Services. We may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our service providers may do so on our behalf). Cookies “Cookies” are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your device’s hard drive through your web browser for tracking purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process, support the security and performance of the Services, or allow us to track activity and usage data within the Services. Pixel Tags Pixel tags (sometime called web beacons or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. While cookies are stored locally on your device, pixel tags are embedded invisibly within web pages and online content. We may use these, in connection with our Services to, among other things, track the activities of users, and help us manage content and compile usage statistics. We may also use these in our emails to let us know when they have been opened or forwarded so we can track response rates and gauge the effectiveness of our communications. Third-Party Analytics We may use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics to evaluate your use of our Services. We may also use other analytics to evaluate our Services. We use these tools to help us understand and improve our Services. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or local storage objects (LSOs), to perform their services. To learn more about Google’s privacy practices, please see www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ . You can also download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . Cross-Device Use We and our service providers may use the information we collect about you (whether directly from our Services, through your device(s), or from a third party) to help us and our service providers identify other devices you use (e.g., a mobile phone, tablet, other computer, etc.). We and our service providers also may use the cross-device and other information we learn about you to serve targeted advertising on your devices and to send you emails. Third-Party Advertisers and Network Advertisers We partner with companies that assist us in advertising our Services. These companies may use tracking technologies to collect or receive information from our Services and elsewhere on the Internet and use that information to provide analytical services, interest tagging, and ad targeting. We use network advertisers to serve advertisements on non-affiliated websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). This enables us and these network advertisers to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors, and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, pixel tags, and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These cookies and other technologies are governed by each entity’s specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these advertisers with information, including your personal information. Choices You Have About Our Processing of Your Personal Information Account and Profile Information If you have an account with us, you may access, update, or correct your account and profile information at any time by logging in to your account and updating the personal information we maintain. We may keep a copy of your prior information for a period of time as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, as part of our business records, and our backup data. Your Communication Preferences If you have an account with any of our brands, you can review your communication preferences by logging in through “My Account” or a similarly designated section of our websites. You may make modifications to your communication preferences directly through your account. If you don’t have an account, can’t find your account, or some of our Services do not provide an account section, please contact us via the methods noted in the “Help and Support,” “Contact Us,” or a similarly designated section of our websites. You can request that we not send marketing emails to you by unsubscribing from the communication via the link at the bottom of the email. When you subscribe to our publications or otherwise do business with us, we may send you certain direct mail marketing offers. If you no longer want to receive these offers please contact us and ask that we do not include you in our future offerings. Please note that because marketing campaigns are planned a few months ahead of time, you may continue to receive marketing offers after making a request. Write to us at Good Sam Mail Preference Service, P.O. Box 6888, Englewood, CO 80155-6888 to opt-out of future mailings. Tracking and Advertising Choices Browser Solutions for Opting Out of Cookies. To prevent cookies from tracking your activity on our websites, you can set your browser to block certain cookies or notify you when a cookie is set. The “Help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. You may also click the “Targeted Advertising Opt Out” link on the bottom of our website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website. However, your opt out may not be effective if your browser is configured to reject cookies. Please note that even after disabling cookies as noted above you may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). In addition, certain aspects of our websites may not behave as expected should you disable cookies. If you are experiencing website issues, it may be due to your cookie preference settings. Industry Solutions for Opting Out of Ad Networks. Users may opt-out of certain ad networks. For example, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Consumer Choice Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising. Please be advised that opting out of ad networks will opt you out from certain companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our websites or on other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). Additional information is available on the DAA’s websites at www.aboutads.info and https://youradchoices.com/appchoices (for mobile apps). Security of Personal Information We use a combination of physical, technical, and administrative safeguards designed to protect the personal information we process via the Services. While we use these precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of the networks, systems, servers, devices, and databases we operate or that are operated on our behalf. Third-Party Links We may offer links to or from our Services via websites, services, and resources operated by third parties. We offer these links as a convenience. We are not responsible for the privacy practices, content, or policies of websites operated by third parties, and you should inquire about the privacy practices of such third parties before providing any personal information to those third parties. Children’s Privacy Our Services are not directed to or intended for, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, children under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not submit any personal information via our Services. If we learn that we have received information directly from a child who is under the age of 16, we will delete such information from our systems. If you are a parent or legal guardian and have reason to believe your child has provided personal information to us via our Services, please contact us using the contact information below. User-Generated Content We may offer blogs, online forums, or other public-facing, interactive features in connection with our Services that enable you to share information about the Services or other issues of interest (e.g., reviews, testimonials, and questions). You should be aware that any communications you submit or post to any such interactive feature on the Services may be viewable by other participants or users. By submitting or posting to such interactive features you acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy or confidentiality in the content you submit for such features, whether or not it contains personal information about you. International Users Our Services are directed to individuals in the U.S. Personal information that you provide to us and that we collect as a result of your using our Services will be processed in the U.S. or in other jurisdictions, which may include jurisdictions outside your jurisdiction of residence. The privacy and data protection laws in the U.S. or those other jurisdictions may not be equivalent to or adequate under the laws in your jurisdiction of residence, and you understand ‎that the governments, courts, law enforcement, or regulatory agencies in those jurisdictions may be able ‎to obtain disclosure of that personal information through the laws of the foreign jurisdiction. By using our Services or by otherwise providing us with your personal information, you agree to the processing of your personal information in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. California Privacy Rights This section of the Policy provides additional information for California residents (pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, and its implementing regulations (collectively, the “CCPA”). This section applies to "personal information" as defined in the CCPA. This section does not address or apply to our handling of personal information that is exempt under the CCPA. This Policy also does not apply to job applicants or to current or former employees in the context of our working relationship with them. Categories of Personal Information We Collect The following identifies the categories of personal information we may collect about you (and may have collected in the last 12 months), as enumerated by the CCPA. Depending on how you use the Services, we may collect the following categories of personal information through our Services: Identifiers. Such as a real name, alias, address, VIN, IP address and online identifiers, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other unique personal identifiers. Customer Records. Such as records that contain personal information, including certain identifiers, billing and payment information, signature, customer service and support tickets and records, and other information you provide in order to use our Services. Commercial Information. Such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories. Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information or Usage Data (“usage data”). Such as, browsing history, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding interactions with an Internet website, application, or advertisement, including other usage data related to your use of any of our Services or other online services. Geolocation Data. Such as general location information about a particular individual or device, including zip code, city, or region, which may be derived from your IP address Audio, Electronic, Visual, or Similar Information. Such as information collected via call recordings if you are interacting with us in a customer service capacity or if you call us on a recorded line, videos, photographs, and CCTV footage to secure our offices and premises. Inferences. Such as inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, behaviors, or attitudes. Protected Classifications: Such as information that is considered a protected classification under California/federal law (e.g., gender, date of birth, citizenship, marital status, and disability status). Sensitive Personal Information: In limited circumstances, we may collect account log-in information, social security number, driver’s license number, and personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health. Sensitive Personal Information We do not collect, use, or disclose “sensitive personal information” beyond the purposes authorized by the CCPA. Accordingly, our collection, use, and disclosure of sensitive personal information is generally limited to what is reasonable and proportionate for the following purposes: To perform the Services as reasonably expected by you; To detect security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and confidentiality of personal information that is stored or transmitted; To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and to prosecute those responsible for those actions; To ensure the physical safety of you and others; For short-term, transient uses; To verify your information, provide customer support, or provide similar services; and With respect to a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, to verify or maintain the quality or safety, improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device. Sources of Personal Information We may collect personal information from various sources, including directly from the consumer, via automated means, from third parties, and from publicly available information. This may include collecting personal information from our affiliated companies, business partners, and service providers; third-party platforms; third-party sites and services; advertising networks; Internet service providers; data analytics providers; operating systems and platforms; and social networks. Business or Commercial Purposes for Which We Use Your Personal Information We may collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process the personal information we collect for the business or commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above. Categories of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose The categories of personal information we may have disclosed for a business purpose include identifiers; customer records; commercial information; usage data; geolocation data; audio, electronic, visual, or similar information; inferences; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; and sensitive personal information. The categories of third parties to whom we may have disclosed personal information for a business purpose may include affiliates, service providers, social media platforms, business partners, acquirers of business assets, and law enforcement and government authorities. Retention of Personal Information We retain your personal information for as long as needed, or permitted, based on the reason we obtained it, subject to applicable law. When deciding how long to keep your personal information, we consider whether we are subject to any legal obligations (e.g., any laws that require us to keep records for a certain period of time before we can delete them), whether we have taken any legal positions (e.g., issued any legal holds or otherwise need to preserve the information), or whether there are other business reasons that require us to keep your personal information (e.g., system integrity). “Sales” or “Sharing” of Personal Information The CCPA defines “sale” as disclosing or making available personal information to a third party in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, and “sharing” includes disclosing or making available personal information to a third party for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. While we do not disclose personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, we may “sell” or “share” certain identifiers (i.e., IP address and online identifiers), usage data, and inferences to advertising networks, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, and social networks in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies. We do so in order to improve and evaluate our advertising campaigns and better reach customers and prospective customers with more relevant ads and content. We do not sell or share sensitive personal information, nor do we sell or share any personal information about individuals who we know are under sixteen (16) years old. Your Rights Under the CCPA The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding personal information. This section describes your rights under the CCPA and explains how to exercise those rights. Subject to certain conditions and exceptions, California consumers have the right to make the following requests: Right to Know/Access With respect to the personal information we have collected about you in the prior twelve (12) months, you have the right to request: The categories of personal information we have collected about you; The categories of sources from which we collected your personal information; The business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information; The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed Personal Information; and A copy of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected. Right to Delete Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete any personal information we collected from you. Right to Correct Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal information. Individuals merely seeking to update their information (for example to provide a new mailing address) may do so by following the processes described in the “Choices You Have About Our Processing of Your Personal Information” section above. Right to Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing To opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information, you can (1) click on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”), as described below. Further to the above, we honor your right to opt out of “sales” and “sharing” as signaled by a universal opt out signal or GPC. To enable GPC, you can visit the Global Privacy Control page at https://globalprivacycontrol.org . If you download a supported browser or extension and exercise your privacy rights with GPC, we will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website after our website detects a GPC signal. If you visit our website from a different device or from a different browser on the same device, you will need to opt-out, or use an opt-out preference signal, for that browser and/or device. Right to Limit Use of Sensitive Personal Information We do not engage in uses or disclosures of personal information that would trigger the right to limit use of sensitive personal information under the CCPA. Right to Non-Discrimination You have the right to be free from discriminatory adverse treatment for exercising these rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your CCPA rights. Submitting CCPA Requests Exercising Your Rights If you are a California resident and would like to exercise your CCPA rights to Know/Access, Delete, or Correct, you may call us at the toll-free number, +1 (866) 890-2810 or submit the form available at https://www.campingworld.com/dar . You are not required to create an account to exercise your rights. You can also have an authorized agent make certain requests. Please see the “Right to Opt Out of Sale/Sharing” section above for more information regarding how to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information. We will only use personal information provided in a right to know or deletion request to review and comply with the request. Verification of Certain Requests Only you, or an individual legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal information. Depending on the type of request, we may request information from you in order to confirm/verify your identity. Additionally, authorized agents may be required to provide proof of their authorization, and we may also require that the relevant consumer directly confirm/verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent. We cannot respond to your request if we are unable to confirm/verify your identity or your authority to make a request on behalf of another person. California “Shine the Light” Disclosure Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide us certain personal information are entitled to request and obtain from us, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests may be made once per calendar year for information about any relevant third-party sharing in the prior calendar year. To make such a request please contact us at +1 (866) 890-2810. Colorado Privacy Rights This section of the Policy provides additional information for Colorado residents (pursuant to the Colorado Privacy Act and its implementing regulations (collectively, the “CPA”)). This section applies to “personal data” as defined in the CPA. This section does not address or apply to our handling of personal data that is exempt under the CPA. The CPA provides Colorado residents with specific rights regarding personal data. This section describes your rights under the CPA and explains how to exercise those rights. Subject to certain conditions and exceptions, Colorado consumers have the right to make the following requests: Right to Access/Portability You have the right to confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data and to access and obtain a copy of the personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format. Right to Delete Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete any personal data about you. Right to Correct Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal information. Individuals merely seeking to update their information (for example to provide a new mailing address) may do so by following the processes described in the “Choices You Have About Our Processing of Your Personal Information” section above. Right to Opt Out of Sale The CPA defines “sale” as disclosing or making available personal data to a third party in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration. While we do not disclose personal data to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, we may “sell” personal data in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies. To opt out of the “sale” of your personal data, you can (1) click on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal like GPC . Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising To opt out of targeted advertising in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website, you can (1) click on the “Targeted Advertising Opt Out” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal like GPC . To otherwise opt out of Targeted Advertising, submit a request as set forth below. Right to Appeal If we decline to take action regarding your request, you have the right to appeal. In our response denying your request, we will notify you of our reasons for denying the request and provide instructions for how you can appeal the decision. Right to Opt Out of Profiling We do not engage in profiling for the purposes of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. Exercising CPA Rights If you are a Colorado resident and would like to exercise your CPA rights to Access/Portability, Delete, Correct, Targeted Advertising (in the non-cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies context), or Appeal, you may call us at the toll-free number, +1 (866) 890-2810 or submit the form available at https://www.campingworld.com/dar . You can also have an authorized agent make certain requests. Please see the “Right to Opt Out of Sale” and “Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising” sections above for more information regarding how to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data or Targeted Advertising. Please note that the CPA defines Targeted Advertising as displaying ads to you based on personal data collected over time and across non-affiliated websites/online applications to predict your preferences or interests. Targeted Advertising does not include, among other things, displaying ads to you based on activities within our own websites/online applications and/or your current search query. Therefore, even though you may exercise your right to opt out of Targeted Advertising as defined under the CPA, you may still receive ads directed to you based on certain of your activities. Loyalty Program We may make available certain programs, offerings, rewards, premium features, or discounts that may be considered a “loyalty program” under the CPA, as described below. The categories of personal data collected through our loyalty program that may be “sold” or processed for "targeted advertising,” as those terms are defined under the CPA, include the categories of information listed in the “Personal Information We Collect” section above. The categories of third parties that may receive personal data include the categories of third parties listed in the “How We May Disclose Personal Information” section above. More information about our programs, offerings, rewards, premium features, or discounts that may be considered a “loyalty program” under the CPA (including the businesses with which we partner and the benefits these partners provide) can be found at https://www.goodsam.com/club and in our related printed materials. Please note that in order to provide you with the benefits noted above, we must verify your membership status. This means that we cannot delete your information and continue to provide you with these benefits. Connecticut Privacy Rights This section of the Policy provides additional information for Connecticut residents (pursuant to the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“CTDPA”)). This section applies to “personal data” as defined in the CTDPA. This section does not address or apply to our handling of personal data that is exempt under the CTDPA. The CTDPA provides Connecticut residents with specific rights regarding personal data. This section describes your rights under the CTDPA and explains how to exercise those rights. Subject to certain conditions and exceptions, Connecticut consumers have the right to make the following requests: Right to Access/Portability You have the right to confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data and to access and obtain a copy of the personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format. Right to Delete Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete any personal data we collected about you. Right to Correct Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal information. Individuals merely seeking to update their information (for example to provide a new mailing address) may do so by following the processes described in the “Choices You Have About Our Processing of Your Personal Information” section above. Right to Opt Out of Sale The CTDPA defines “sale” as disclosing or making available personal data to a third party in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration. While we do not disclose personal data to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, we may “sell” personal data in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies. To opt out of the “sale” of your personal data, you can (1) click on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal like GPC . Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising To opt out of targeted advertising in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website, you can (1) click on the “Targeted Advertising Opt Out” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal like GPC . To otherwise opt out of Targeted Advertising, submit a request as set forth below. Right to Appeal If we decline to take action regarding your request, you have the right to appeal. In our response denying your request, we will notify you of our reasons for denying the request and provide instructions for how you can appeal the decision. Right to Opt Out of Profiling We do not engage in profiling for the purposes of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. Exercising CTDPA Rights If you are a Connecticut resident and would like to exercise your CTDPA rights to Access/Portability, Delete, Correct, Targeted Advertising (in the non-cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies context), or Appeal, you may call us at the toll-free number, +1 (866) 890-2810 or submit the form available at https://www.campingworld.com/dar . You can also have an authorized agent make certain requests. Please see the “Right to Opt Out of Sale” and “Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising” sections above for more information regarding how to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data or Targeted Advertising. Please note that the CTDPA defines Targeted Advertising as displaying ads to you based on personal data collected over time and across non-affiliated websites/online applications to predict your preferences or interests. Targeted Advertising does not include, among other things, displaying ads to you based on activities within our own websites/online applications and/or your current search query. Therefore, even though you may exercise your right to opt out of Targeted Advertising as defined under the CTDPA, you may still receive ads directed to you based on certain of your activities. Virginia Privacy Rights This section of the Policy provides additional information for Virginia residents (pursuant to the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”)). This section applies to “personal data”, as defined in the VCDPA. This section does not address or apply to our handling of personal data that is exempt under the VCDPA. The VCDPA provides Virginia residents with specific rights regarding personal data. This section describes your rights under the VCDPA and explains how to exercise those rights. Subject to certain exceptions, Virginia consumers have the right to make the following requests: Right to Access/Portability To confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data and to access and obtain a copy of the personal data that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format. Right to Delete Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete any personal data we collected about you. Right to Correct Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal information. Individuals merely seeking to update their information (for example to provide a new mailing address) may do so by following the processes described in the “Choices You Have About Our Processing of Your Personal Information” section above. Right to Opt-Out of Sale The VCDPA defines “sale” as disclosing or making available personal data to a third party in exchange for monetary consideration. We do not “sell” personal data under this definition. Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising To opt out of targeted advertising in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website, you can (1) click on the “Targeted Advertising Opt Out” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal like GPC . To otherwise opt out of Targeted Advertising, submit a request as set forth below. Right to Appeal If we decline to take action regarding your request, you have the right to appeal. In our response denying your request, we will notify you of our reasons for denying the request and provide instructions for how you can appeal the decision. Right to Opt Out of Profiling We do not engage in profiling for the purposes of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. Exercising VCDPA Rights If you are a Virginia resident and would like to exercise your VCDPA rights to Access/Portability, Delete, Correct, Targeted Advertising (in the non-cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies context), or Appeal, you may call us at the toll-free number, +1 (866) 890-2810 or submit the form available at https://www.campingworld.com/dar . Please see the “Right to Opt Out of Sale” and “Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising” sections above for more information regarding how to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data or Targeted Advertising. Please note that the VCDPA defines Targeted Advertising as displaying ads to you based on personal data collected over time and across non-affiliated websites/online applications to predict your preferences or interests. Targeted Advertising does not include, among other things, displaying ads to you based on activities within our own websites/online applications and/or your current search query. Therefore, even though you may exercise your right to opt out of Targeted Advertising as defined under the VCDPA, you may still receive ads directed to you based on certain of your activities. Changes to this Policy This Policy is current as of the Effective Date/Last Updated set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any updates to Policy here. If we make material changes to how we collect, use, and disclose the personal information we have previously collected about you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice. All changes to this Policy are effective when posted. Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, please contact us by using the contact information below: CWGS Group, LLC PO Box 6888 Englewood, CO 80155-6888 +1 (866) 890-2810 Your adventure awaits Sign up for emails and stay up-to-date on the latest news, events, and promotions. Enter your email address Sign Up By checking this box and clicking Sign Up, I opt-in to receive promotional email communications about products or services or offers that may be of interest to me from the Camping World and Good Sam family of brands . I understand I can withdraw my consent at any time. For questions, please see our Privacy Policy & California Privacy Rights . Follow Us © CWI, Inc. 2023 . All Rights Reserved. Help & Support 1-888-626-7576 Email Us Help Center Site Map My Services Order Support Easy Returns Shipping & Delivery Check My Order Start a Return Our Stores Store Locator Our Partners Good Sam Overton's The House Our Policies Accessibility Commitment CA Supply Chain Disclosure Price Match Policy Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Targeted Advertising Opt Out Terms of Use Product Support Gift Cards Notices and Recalls Reviews RV Cover Tool Corporate Info About Us About Marcus Lemonis Blog Careers Investor Relations Team Member Assistance Follow Us © CWI, Inc. 2023 . All Rights Reserved. Return Policy × Return Policy We believe in offering the very best value, quality, and selection. Plus, we want you to enjoy your
purchase! In the event you wish to send a product back to us, you may return most unused items for a
refund or exchange, minus shipping, within 90 days from the date of purchase unless noted below under
exceptions and exclusions. Refunds are issued to the original form of payment, unless returned in store
where some exclusions may apply. For web orders, please contact our customer service team (1-888-626-7576) to ensure your return or
exchange is documented and any potential questions have been answered. In most cases, a return
authorization will be provided, and, in every case, we’ll begin to keep an eye out for your return. For web orders returned in store, please take the item in original packaging, along with invoice to any
Camping World retail locations for a refund or exchange. Shipping charges are non-refundable. Refunds
are issued to the original form of payment; some exclusions may apply. For retail purchases returned with a receipt, please return the unused and unopened item, with the
original sales receipt, for a full refund or exchange. All returns with a gift receipt will receive a store
credit for the amount of the item at the time of purchase. For retail purchases returned without a receipt, the refund will be issued as a store merchandise
credit at the lowest price within the last 90 days. Proper ID will be required in the form of a valid, state-
issued driver’s license or state ID card. We reserve the right to limit, or refuse returns without a receipt. Good Sam Members who have maintained a continuous active membership status may return any
unused and unopened product, purchased on Feb. 9, 2018, or later at any time. Good Sam Club members
must be active on the date of product purchase. (Some exclusions apply.) For Good Sam Protection Plans, simply return any Good Sam Protection Plan purchase to the store for
processing or give us a call at (1-888-626-7576) . Purchases paid for with a personal check are subject to a
14-day hold period prior to being eligible for return. Exceptions & Exclusions Non-returnable items include outboard motors, trolling motors, EPIRBs, boats, SPOT, life rafts,
PLBs, Class B AIS, items with expiration dates, custom made/cut or special-order items, rigging,
generators, electronic charts, mattresses, flares, hazardous items, licenses and gift cards. If proven
defective, product returns or exchanges must be handled directly with the manufacturer. Items that can be returned within 30 days if unopened and unused are: electronics, skateboards,
bikes, software, bedding, canoes, tents, drones and kayaks. After 30 days, defective product returns or exchanges must be handled directly with the manufacturer. Clearance and Outlet items are sold as is and cannot be returned at any time. Once an item is installed, we cannot accept a return or exchange. If the product becomes
defective, product returns or exchanges must be handled directly with the manufacturer. Returns on items using a promotional discount - Any items returned as part of a promotional
discount will be prorated and the value of the discount, free product, or gift card will be deducted
from the reimbursement for items returned. Items received as part of a free gift promotion cannot
be exchanged unless damaged or defective and for a direct replacement only. Gift cards cannot be
exchanged for cash or applied to a previous purchase. Remove Product? × Are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart? Cancel Yes Remove All Products? × Are you sure you want to remove all products from the cart? Cancel Yes Missing Points? × Please call our customer service department who can help get your points added. 8am - 11pm EST 800-700-1366 × Offer For New Cardholders FREE 1 year Good Sam Membership has been added to your cart. Use your Good Sam Rewards Credit Card to take advantage of this offer. View Cart × Shop By Store × Enter your email to activate the offer. close dialog Want to get 10% off your order Enter your email to unlock your offer Email address Please enter above Get 10% off No Thanks *Good Sam Club, Good Sam Insurance Agency, Good Sam Life Insurance Central, Coast Resorts, Good Sam Life & Health, Good Sam TravelAssist, Good Sam Roadside Assistance, Good Sam Extended Service Plan, RV Loans, MotorHome, Rv.net, Trailer Life, Good Sam | Camping World Visa You've unlocked 10% off Use Code: Continue to site *Good Sam Club, Good Sam Insurance Agency, Good Sam Life Insurance Central, Coast Resorts, Good Sam Life & Health, Good Sam TravelAssist, Good Sam Roadside Assistance, Good Sam Extended Service Plan, RV Loans, MotorHome, Rv.net, Trailer Life, Good Sam | Camping World Visa close dialog