Free Porn Videos & Sex Movies - Porno, XXX, Porn Tube and Pussy Porn Your Cookies, Your Choice We use cookies and similar technologies 
                        that are necessary to run our Websites (essential cookies). 
                        A cookie is a small amount of data generated by our Websites and saved by your web browser.  
                        We use them to access, analyze and store information such as the characteristics of 
                        your device as well as certain personal data. Analytics cookies allow us to analyze our 
                        performance to offer you optimized services. 
                        Functionality cookies help us to personalize and enhance your 
                        online experience on our Websites. Targeting and Advertising 
                        cookies enable us serve ads that might be of interest to you. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you consent to our use of cookies. 
                    Please visit our Privacy Policy to learn more about cookies and data, 
                    we collect and process. Please make a selection Accept all cookies Accept only essential cookies Some features may not be available with your selection. For better browsing experience, select 'Accept All Cookies'. Find out more on how we use cookies. Accept all cookies Sign Up Login Video Video Cam Models Straight Gay Trans Main Home Search Porn Videos Categories Pornstars Channels Live Cams Library History Log in to favorite videos, comment and create playlists! Login Community Community Members Preference English Português Deutsch Polski Français Español Italiano Русский 日本語 Live Cams Fuck Now Premium slide 1 to 11 of 12 Advertising FAQ Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy DMCA 2257 EU DSA Webmasters Content Partner Program Rating DMCA Takedown Form Virtual Reality Help Terms of Service Last Modified: August 17, 2023 Acceptance of the Terms of Service By accessing, using or visiting www.redtube.com (“we”, “us”, “our”, or this “ Website ”), any of its Content, functionalities, and services, you signify your agreement to these Terms of Service including policies and related guidelines (for instance, Child Sexual Abuse Material Policy and Non Consensual Consent Policy) (collectively, “ Terms of Service ”)  and our Privacy Policy and incorporated herein by reference. These Terms of Service apply to all users, registered or unregistered, including Content Partners, and Models who may also be contributors of Content, of this Website (collectively “ you ”, “ User ” or “ Users ” as the context requires), whether accessed via computer, mobile device, or other technology, manner, or means. " Content " includes the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, audiovisual combinations, interactive features, textual content, and other materials you may view, upload, publish, submit, make available, display, communicate or post on this Website. “ Content Partners ” means users of this Website who have joined the Pornhub Content Partner Program and who may use their Pornhub Content Partner Program account to access this Website as a registered Content Partner. “ Models ” means users of this Website who have joined our Pornhub Model Partner Program and who may use their Pornhub Model Partner Program account to access this Website as a registered Model and are subject to the present Terms of Service and Modelhub’s Terms of Service.. If you do not agree to any of these Terms of Service or our Privacy Policy , please do not access or use this Website. You consent to entering these Terms of Service electronically, and to storage of records related to these Terms of Service in electronic form. Ability to Accept Terms of Service By accessing and/or using this Website, you affirm, represent, and warrant that: You are at least eighteen (18) years of age or the age of majority in the jurisdiction you are accessing and/or using this Website from and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Service. If you are under eighteen (18) years of age or the applicable age of majority, it is strictly prohibited to access and/or use this Website; You will not allow access or viewing to, or by, or engage and/or interact with any person who has not yet reached at least eighteen (18) years of age or is under the applicable age of majority in your jurisdiction; and The jurisdiction from which you access this Website does not prohibit the receiving or viewing of sexually explicit content. Whether you are a registered or unregistered User, we may require that you provide us and/or our third party age verification service providers with information which will help us determine that you are over the age of majority required to have access to this Website and to view its contents. For more information on how this information is processed, please review our Privacy Policy . Failure to, when required, provide us and/or our third party age verification service providers with information which will help us determine that you are over the age of majority required to have access to this Website and to view its contents will lead to the termination or suspension of your access rights to all or part of this Website. Changes to the Terms of Service We reserve the right to amend these Terms of Service at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Service for any changes. Your use of this Website following any amendment of these Terms of Service will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms. The updated version of the Terms of Service supersedes any prior versions immediately upon being posted, and the prior version(s) shall have no continuing legal effect. You should periodically review the most up-to-date version of the Terms of Service found at https://www.redtube.com/information#terms. About Our Website This Website allows for general viewing of adult-oriented Content by Users, registered (whether directly though this Website or through certain other websites we own or operate) and unregistered. In addition, this Website allows for sharing and uploading of adult-oriented Content by Content Partners and Models. This Website may contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by this Website or its operator. This Website has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the Content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites. In addition, this Website will not and cannot censor or edit the Content of any third-party site. By using any of this Website, you expressly relieve us from all liability arising from your use of any third-party sites. Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave this Website and to read the terms, conditions, and privacy policies of each other sites that you visit This Website is for your personal use and shall not be used for any commercial endeavor except those specifically endorsed or approved by this Website. This Website is for adult-oriented Content. Other categories of Content may be rejected or deleted in our sole discretion. We may, in our sole discretion and at any time, remove any Content on this Website. You understand and acknowledge that when using this Website, you will be exposed to Content from a variety of sources, and that this Website is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such Content. You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable to you, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against this Website with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold this Website, its operator, its parent corporation, its affiliates, licensors, service providers, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of this Website. Communication Preferences By using and registering as a User on this Website, you expressly and specifically consent to receiving electronic communications from us relating to your account. These communications may involve sending emails to your email address provided during registration, or posting communications on this Website (for example, through the members’ area on this Website upon login to ensure receipt in the event you have unsubscribed from email communications), or in the "My Account" or "My Profile" page and may include notices about your account (such as change in password or confirmation emails) and are part of your relationship with us. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing. You should maintain copies of electronic communications by printing a paper copy or saving an electronic copy. Accessing this Website and Account Security We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on this Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of this Website, or the entire Website, to Users, including registered Users. You are responsible for: making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to this Website, and ensuring that all persons who access this Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Service and comply with them. To access this Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. To know more about the information required to use this Website to upload Content, please refer to the Sections entitled “Rules Applicable to All Content and Uploaders on this Website”, “Rules Applicable to Content Partners” and “Rules Applicable to Models”, as well as the Privacy Policy . It is a condition of your use of this Website that all the information you provide on this Website is correct, current, and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with this Website or otherwise, including but not limited to through the use of any interactive features on this Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy , and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy . If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person. You are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your user name or password. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Website or portions of this Website using your user name, password or other security information.You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your username or password or any other breach of security by contacting us at: support@redtube.com. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information. Although this Website will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses of this Website or others due to such unauthorized use. If you interact with us or with third-party service providers, you agree that all information that you provide are and will be accurate, complete, and current. You will review all policies and agreements applicable to use of third-party services. In the event you use our Website over mobile devices, you hereby acknowledge that your carrier’s normal rates and fees, such as excess broadband fees, will still apply. We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Service. Limited, Conditional License to Use Our Intellectual Property RedTube and associated logos and names are our trademarks and/or service marks. Other trademarks, service marks, names, and logos used on or through this Website, such as trademarks, service marks, names, or logos associated with third party content providers, are the trademarks, service marks, or logos of their respective owners. You are granted no right or license with respect to any of the aforesaid trademarks, service marks, or logos. The inclusion of images or text containing the trademarks or service marks or the name or likeness of any person, including any celebrity, does not constitute an endorsement, express or implied, by any such person, of this Website or vice versa. This Website and certain materials available on or through this Website are content we own, authored, created, purchased, or licensed (collectively, our " Works "). Our Works may be protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and/or other laws, and we reserve and retain all rights in our Works and this Website. We grant you a conditional, revocable, non-sublicensable, non-transferable and non-exclusive and limited license to access and use our Website and Works solely for your personal use, conditioned upon your compliance with these Terms of Service and your agreement to display this Website whole and intact as presented by this Website’s host, complete with any advertising, to not interfere with the display of any advertising, and to not use ad blocking software of any kind. This limited license is further conditioned upon your agreement not to use any information obtained from or through this Website to block or interfere with the display of any advertising on this Website, or for the purpose of implementing, modifying, or updating any software or filter lists that block or interfere with the display of any advertising on this Website. Interference with the display of any advertising on this Website, use of ad blocking software to block or disable any advertising while viewing this Website, or use of information obtained from or through this Website to update any ad blocking software or filter lists, is prohibited, violates the conditions of your limited license to view this Website and Works and constitutes copyright infringement. You may not otherwise reproduce, distribute, communicate to the public, make available, adapt, publicly perform, link to, or publicly display this Website and Works or any adaptations thereof unless expressly set forth herein. Such conduct would exceed the scope of your license and constitute copyright infringement. This Website may provide an "Embeddable Player" feature, which you may incorporate into your own website for use in accessing the Content on this Website. You may not modify, build upon or block any portion or functionality of the Embeddable Player in any way, including but not limited to links back to this Website. The above-described license is conditioned on your compliance with these Terms of Service, including, specifically, your agreement to view this Website whole and intact as presented by this Website’s host, complete with any advertising, and shall terminate upon termination of these Terms of Service. If you breach any provision of these Terms of Service, any license you have obtained will be automatically rescinded and terminated. In order to protect our rights, some Content made available on this Website may be controlled by digital rights management technologies, which will restrict how you may use the Content. You must not circumvent, remove, delete, disable, alter, or otherwise interfere with any digital rights management technology. Such conduct is prohibited by law. You are not allowed to reproduce, download, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, alter, modify or otherwise copy or reproduce our Works or Content that does not belong to you, in whole or in part. Rules Applicable to All Content and Uploaders on this Website To upload Content to this Website, you must be either a Content Partner or a Model, save and except if such Content is limited to comments, a cover picture and/or an avatar, in which case you must at least be a User with an unverified account on this Website. For the purposes of these Terms of Service, uploading Content onto this Website includes instances where such Content is first uploaded onto www.pornhub.com or another website that is owned or operated by us and shared therefrom onto this Website. If the information you provide for the creation of your account is not true and correct, you face the immediate termination of your account ; where applicable, the immediate suspension of any and all pending payments from us to you; and we may, in our sole discretion, withhold payment of any owed amounts indefinitely, and you may be subject to legal sanctions. You represent and warrant that with respect to all Content you will upload on this Website: the Content does not contravene any applicable laws and does not subject this Website to any claims, demands, lawsuits, regulatory actions or any actual, potential or risk of liability, or any threats thereof; you own the rights to use the Content on this Website and that the Content does not infringe on the rights (including intellectual property rights) of a third party and, that you have obtained the consent and release for every individual appearing in your Content, including the right for you to use and upload the Content on this Website; for every individual appearing in your Content you have carefully ascertained and examined a valid governmental photo identification demonstrating that they are at least 18 years of age on the day they are photographed, filmed or otherwise appearing in such Content (this applies to all individuals, whether identifiable or not, or whether nude or not); with respect to the Content, you, or the producer of the Content, have collected and maintained the records required under 18 U.S.C. § 2257 et. seq., as modified from time to time in compliance with the rules and regulations set forth in 28 C.F.R. § 75 et. seq., as modified from time to time, and any other applicable records keeping or age verification laws; that Content Partner affirms that no individual appearing in the Content has been convicted of crimes relating to sexual assault, sexual exploitation of a minor, trafficking, and other related criminal offences; the Content may be used for training purposes; the Content is not a duplicate of another piece of Content uploaded by you; the Content complies with the Website’s Terms of Service , including our Child Sexual Abuse Material Policy , and our Non-Consensual Content Policy . Failure to comply with these Terms of Service or any related contracts you will enter into with us, or should we determine that any of the statements above is untrue, or not complied with, we may, in our sole discretion, refuse to include the Content or any part thereof or any references to such Content on this Website, remove the Content in question from this Website, forfeit all accrued or pending earnings, cancel all current or pending payouts, terminate your account and take any measures necessary to safeguard platform integrity, community safety and minimize or eliminate any liability. We may, in our sole discretion, terminate your account if you breach any of the Terms of Service or at any time for any reason even without cause. If we believe that your Content violates any criminal laws, our Website’s Terms of Service, your account will immediately be terminated, you will be banned from this Website without notice with all earnings forfeited, and where applicable, we will report you to law enforcement authorities. Obligation to comply with Records Keeping Requirements under 18 U.S.C. §2257. You certify that the Content you upload to this Website has been produced and records are being kept in accordance with 18 U.S.C. § 2257 et. seq., as modified from time to time, with the rules and regulations set forth in 28 C.F.R. § 75 et. seq., as modified from time to time, and any other applicable records keeping or age verification laws. Upon our request, you shall promptly deliver us legible copies (as may be lawfully redacted), of valid (as of the date of production of the Content) recognizable governmental photo identifications for any or all individuals appearing in any or all of your Content (demonstrating that each were at least 18 years of age on the day the Content was produced) together with the required identification forms, documents and releases. In this context, when we refer to all individuals appearing in the Content, we mean, without limitation, filmed, photographed, or recorded individuals or individuals in any way in the Content, whether appearing nude, semi-nude or fully clothed, engaging in simulated or actual sexual intercourse (including solo scenes). We do not accept or accommodate voice over or sounds from persons less than 18 years of age appearing in the background or synced with the Content whether featured or not. Your failure to promptly deliver the requested information upon request, may lead to the temporary or permanent suspension of your account. You will, at your own expense, indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless from, any and all liabilities, losses, damages, fines, fees, penalties, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred or suffered by us from any claim arising or resulting from your failure or negligence to comply with maintenance of any legally mandated records. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account. Please note that you may not permit any other person to use your account and that you must immediately inform us of any apparent breach of security, such as loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use of a screen name or password. You may never use anyone else’s account, just as no one can ever use yours. You will be liable for any losses incurred by us due to the unauthorized use of your account. We are not liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account and you specifically waive any such claim and agree to defend and indemnify us against any such claims made against your account by third parties. To the extent you voluntarily create a user profile to participate in certain select services offered by us, your profile (and its contents) may be searchable by other Users registered through this Website and others partnered or networked with us. Likewise, your profile (and its contents) may be searchable by publicly available search engines. You understand that we do not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any Content you contribute. Subject to what is permitted under applicable law, you are free to choose the type of Content you produce and post or publish. You shall be solely responsible for your own Content and the consequences of posting or publishing such Content. We are not responsible for any Content that violates community standards in your community. If you are seeking information regarding any illegal or inappropriate activities, you agree to leave this Website immediately. We expect and demand that you comply with all applicable laws when using this Website and when submitting or posting Content to this Website. If you are unsure whether or not Content will violate a law, you are urged to contact an attorney prior to posting the Content. We cannot enforce every jurisdiction’s laws for all Content that is posted to this Website. As such, we are not responsible for the Content of this Website. You must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness, or lawfulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by us or Content transmitted to this Website. You are responsible for all your Content that is uploaded, posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via this Website. If we have a reason to suspect that your Content violates any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, trademark, or property right, we can require you to provide us with written evidence of your ownership of, or right to use, the material in question. If we require such written evidence, you agree to provide it to us within five (5) working days of the date of our request. Your failure to provide us with such required written evidence within that timeframe may lead to the immediate termination of your account, us demanding compensation from you for any accrued costs and damages related to such Content. You shall be solely responsible for your own Content and the consequences of posting, uploading, publishing, transmitting, or otherwise making available your Content on this Website. You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any Content you submit or contribute, and you, not us, have full responsibility for such Content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness. We do not control Content you submit or contribute, and we do not make any guarantee whatsoever related to Content submitted or contributed by Users. Under no circumstances will we be liable or responsible in any way for any claim related to Content submitted or contributed by Users. You affirm, represent, and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to publish Content you submit; and you license to this Website all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary rights in and to such Content for publication on this Website pursuant to these Terms of Service. You further agree that Content you submit to this Website will not contain third party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third party proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant to this Website all of the license rights granted herein. You agree and understand that this Website (and its successors’ and affiliates’) may make use of your Content for promotional or commercial purposes and to render the services pursuant to these Terms of Services. For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your Content. By submitting Content to this Website, you hereby grant this Website’s operators an unlimited, worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license to use, reproduce, publish, distribute, broadcast, market, create derivative works of, adapt, translate, publicly display, communicate, or perform, make available or otherwise use all of the Content, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of this Website (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also waive to the full extent permitted by law any and all claims against us related to moral rights in the Content. In no circumstances will we be liable to you for any exploitation of any Content that you post. You also hereby grant each User of this Website a non-exclusive, royalty free license to access your Content through this Website as permitted under these Terms of Service. You hereby understand and agree that you may not use this Website to allow other Users to download or otherwise save the Content you post (or any part thereof). The above licenses granted by you in video Content you submit to this Website terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you remove or delete your Content from this Website. You understand and agree, however, that this Website may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of your videos that have been removed or deleted. The above licenses granted by you in User comments you submit are perpetual and irrevocable. This Website do not endorse any Content submitted by any User or other licensor, or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and this Website expressly disclaim any and all liability in connection with Content. This Website does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on this Website, and this Website will remove all Content if properly notified that such Content infringes on another’s intellectual property rights. This Website reserves the right to remove Content without prior notice. All Content you submit must comply with the Content standards set out in these Terms of Service. If any of the Content posted to or through this Website contain ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals to us, we will have no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to such Content, and we shall be entitled to use, exploit, or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Content in our sole discretion without any obligation to you whatsoever. Rules Applicable to Content Partners If you want to become a Content Partner and post Content on this Website, you must first join the Pornhub Content Partner Program and agree to its terms and conditions. Rules Applicable to Models If you want to become a Model and post Content through this Website, you must first join the Pornhub Model Partner Program and agree to its terms and conditions. We may, in our sole discretion, decline your application to join our community of content providers for any reason. You may be asked to provide a valid email address for verification purposes. You will choose your own screen name, which must be unique to you, not offensive to others, and not in violation of another’s copyright or trademark. You will also choose your password, which you can change later. It is imperative that you do not let anyone else use your account (you must keep your password secret and secure). Certain changes to your personal information such as your name and screen name can only be made by our staff. Therefore, if your information appears incorrect or needs to be changed you may need to contact our staff to have this done. Before you can upload Content on this Website, you need to verify your identity. To do so, you need to submit to us high-res images or scans of a minimum of one to two information documents, containing your date of birth, expiration date of the ID, your photo, your full legal name, and your address. This could be, for example, your driver’s license (in countries where a national ID is not mandatory), international passport, citizenship card, state ID, national passport, or your national ID card. The other form of identification may be a utility bill. If all the required information is set out on your government-issued photo ID, you do not need a second document. We may, in our sole discretion, require you to provide us multiple forms of identification to establish proof of adulthood and identity. Facial verification and an assessment of the authenticity of the aforementioned documents is also required in the context of our verification of your age and identity. Our collection, use and disclosure of such information and documentation is governed by our Privacy Policy . Models’ Commission Models will be entitled to receive the model program advertising share revenue (a percentage of the ad revenue that the video earns) on free to watch videos on this Websites. You will not receive monthly a statement showing any amounts you earned. However, you will be able to view amounts earned in your account. Payments are generally made within ten (10) business days after the end of each month (although, depending on the payment method used, it may take longer for you to actually receive your payment); provided, however, that payment will be made only when the minimum payout, based on net income, of one hundred dollars (US$100.00) has been reached. Any amount below one hundred dollars (US$100.00) will be carried over until the minimum payout has been reached and will be paid on the next following payment date. If you provide us with incorrect payment details, any fees for chargebacks resulting from such incorrect payment details will be offset against any amounts otherwise payable to you. In the event you violate any part of the present Terms of Service, Modelhub’s Terms of Service or if you violate any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right, or where a third-party claims that all or any part of your Content caused it damage, we may, in our sole discretion, withhold indefinitely payments to you. We remind you that it is your sole duty and obligation to fulfill all tax obligations with regard to your activities for us, including but not limited to registration, declaration, and payment obligations related to income taxes and VAT. If we assist you with these obligations, it does not release you from your obligations. It is your duty to inform us in a timely manner of changes to your personal data such as an address change or a new email. Use of Website You agree that you will only use this Website and our services for the lawful purposes expressly permitted and contemplated by these Terms of Service. You may not use this Website and our services for any other purposes, including but not limited to commercial purposes, without our express written consent. You agree that you will view this Website and its Content unaltered and unmodified. You acknowledge and understand that you are prohibited from modifying this Website or eliminating any of the Content of this Website, including ads. You must not circumvent, remove, delete, disable, alter, or otherwise interfere with any age verification processes, technologies or security tools used anywhere on this Website or in connection with our services. By using this Website, you expressly agree to accept advertising served on and through this Website and to refrain from using ad blocking software or to disable ad blocking software before visiting this Website. Content is provided to you AS IS. You may access Content for your information and personal use solely as intended through the provided functionality of this Website and as permitted under these Terms of Service. You shall not download, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise exploit any Content which are not permitted in the Terms of Service. Prohibited Uses You agree that you will not use or attempt to use any method, device, software, or routine to harm others or interfere with the functioning of this Website or use and/or monitor any information in or related to this Website for any unauthorized purpose. In addition to the general restrictions above, the following restrictions and conditions apply specifically to your use of Content. Any determination regarding breach of any of the following is final. Please review the following list of prohibited uses carefully before using this Website. Specifically, you agree not to use any of this Website to: violate any law or encourage or provide instructions to another to do so; act in a manner that negatively affects other Users’ ability to use this Website, including without limitation by engaging in conduct that is harmful, threatening, abusive, inflammatory, intimidating, violent or encouraging of violence to people or animals, harassing, stalking, invasive of another’s privacy, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable; provide or allow access or viewing to or by, or engage and/or interact with, any person who has not yet reached at least eighteen (18) years of age, or older in any other location in which eighteen (18) is not the minimum age of majority in the applicable jurisdiction; post any Content that depicts any person under 18 years of age (or older in any other location in which 18 is not the minimum age of majority) whether real, simulated or animated; post any Content for which you have not maintained written documentation sufficient to confirm that all subjects of your posts are, in fact, over eighteen (18) years of age, or older in any other location in which eighteen (18) is not the minimum age of majority in the applicable jurisdiction at the time the Content was created post any Content depicting whether actual, realistically portrayed and/or simulated, or animated underage sexual activity, non-consensual sexual activity, revenge porn, blackmail, intimidation, snuff, torture, death, violence, incest, racial slurs, or hate speech, (either orally or via the written word); post any Content that contains falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage this Website or any third party; post any Content that is obscene, illegal, unlawful, fraudulent, defamatory, libelous, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate; post any Content containing unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, spam, junk mail, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of unauthorized solicitation; post any Content containing sweepstakes, contests, or lotteries, or otherwise related to gambling; post any Content containing copyrighted materials, or materials protected by other intellectual property laws, that you do not own or for which you have not obtained all necessary written permissions and releases; post any Content which impersonates another person or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person; use this Website (or post any Content that) in any way that promotes or facilitates prostitution, solicitation of prostitution, human trafficking, or sex trafficking; use this Website to arrange any in-person meetings for purposes of sexual activity for hire and/or consideration; deploy programs, software, or applications designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, including by engaging in any denial of service attack or similar conduct; deploy or use programs, software or applications designed to harm, interfere with the operation of, or access in an unauthorized manner, services, networks, servers, or other infrastructure; exceed your authorized access to any portion of this Website; remove, delete, alter, circumvent, avoid, or bypass any digital rights management technology, encryption or security tools used anywhere on this Website or in connection with our services; remove, delete, alter, circumvent, avoid, or bypass any age verification processes, technologies or security tools used anywhere on this Website or in connection with our services; collect or store personal data about anyone or use, post or make unauthorized use of anyone else's information, image, likeness, and/or Content; alter or modify without permission any part of this Website or its Content, including ads; obtain or attempt to access or otherwise obtain any Content or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through this Website; exploit errors in design, features which are not documented, and/or bugs to gain access that would otherwise not be available. Additionally, you agree not to: use this Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party’s use of this Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through this Website; use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access this Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on this Website without our prior written consent; use any manual process to download, monitor or copy any of the material on this Website or for any other unauthorized purpose; use any information obtained from or through this Website to block or interfere with the display of any advertising on this Website, or for the purpose of implementing, modifying or updating any software or filter lists that block or interfere with the display of any advertising on this Website; use any device, bots, scripts, software, or routine that interferes with the proper working of this Website or that shortcut or alter Website functions to run or appear in ways that are not intended by this Website’s design; introduce or upload any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files or any other similar software, program, or material which is malicious or technologically harmful or that that may damage the operation of another’s property or of this Website’s or our services; attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of this Website, the server on which this Website are stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to this Website; remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from our Website or any of the materials contained therein; attack this Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack; otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Website. Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination We have the right but not the obligation to: remove or refuse to post any Content you submit or contribute to this Website for any or no reason in our sole discretion, including, without limitation, if any information or documentation provided by you is inadequate, incomplete, or  inaccurate or does not allow us to assess and confirm your identity; monitor any communication occurring on or through this Website to confirm compliance with these Terms of Service, the security of this Website, or any legal obligation; take any action with respect to any Content posted by you that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such Content violates these Terms of Service, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of Users of this Website or the public, or could create liability for us; take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of this Website; terminate or suspend your access to all or part of this Website for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Service. Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any Content on or through this Website. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD US, OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES,  SUCCESSORS, AND ASSIGNS HARMLESS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY US AS A CONSEQUENCE OF DISCLOSING PERSONAL INFORMATION IN RELATION TO DATA DISCLOSURE REQUESTS FROM LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES. This Website takes a powerful stand against any form of child exploitation or human trafficking. If we discover that any Content involves underage individuals, or any form of force, fraud, or coercion, we will remove the Content and submit a report to the proper law enforcement authorities. If you become aware of any such Content, you agree to report it to this Website by contacting legal@redtube.com . To maintain our services in a manner we deem appropriate for our venue and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, this Website may, but will not have any obligation to display, reject, refuse to post, store, maintain, accept, or remove any Content posted (including, without limitation, private messages, public comments, public group chat messages, private group chat messages, or private instant messages) by you, and we may, in our sole discretion, delete, move, re-format, remove, or refuse to post or otherwise make use of Content without notice or any liability to you or any third party in connection with our operation of this Website in an appropriate manner. In addition, our Website may, but will not have any obligation to, review and monitor private messages, public comments, public group chats, private group chat messages, or private instant messages posted by you. Without limitation, we may do so to address Content that comes to our attention that we believe is offensive, obscene, violent, harassing, threatening, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate, or to enforce the rights of third parties or these Terms of Service or any applicable additional terms, including, without limitation, the Content restrictions set forth herein. We assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or Content provided by any User or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or non-performance of the activities described in this section. Account Termination Policy While pornographic and adult-oriented Content is accepted, this Website reserves the right to decide whether Content is appropriate or violates these Terms of Service for reasons other than copyright infringement and violations of intellectual property rights, such as, but not limited to, obscene or defamatory material. This Website may at any time, without prior notice and in its sole discretion, remove such Content and/or terminate a User’s account for submitting such material in violation of these Terms of Service. If you violate the letter or spirit of these Terms of Service, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for us, we can terminate access to this Website or stop providing all or part of this Website to you for any reasons at our convenience. Copyrights and Other Intellectual Property This Website operates a clear Copyright Policy in relation to any Content alleged to infringe the copyright of a third party. If you believe that any Content violates your copyright, please see our Copyright Policy for instructions on sending us a notice of copyright infringement. As part of our Copyright Policy , this Website will terminate User access to this Website if, under appropriate circumstances, a User has been determined to be a repeat infringer. This Website is not in a position to mediate trademark disputes between Users and trademark owners. Accordingly, we encourage trademark owners to resolve any dispute directly with the User in question or seek any resolution in court or by other judicial means. If you’re sure you want to report content on this Website that you believe infringes your trademark, you can do so by contacting us at legal@redtube.com . This Website is willing to perform a limited investigation of reasonable complaints and will remove content in clear cases of infringement. Only the trademark owner or their authorized representative may file a report of trademark infringement. Please note that we regularly provide the rights owner’s name, your email address and the details of your report to the person who posted the content you are reporting. This person may contact you with the information you provide. Abuse Reporting This Website does not permit any form of revenge porn, blackmail, or intimidation. Violations of this policy can be reported through this link . Reliance on Information Posted The information presented on or through this Website is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to this Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents. This Website includes Content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other Users, bloggers and third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators, and/or reporting services. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by us, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect our opinion. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties. Changes to this Website We may update the content on this Website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the material on this Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material. Information about You and Your Visits to this Website All information we collect on this Website is subject to our Privacy Policy . By using this Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy. Linking to this Website and Social Media Features You may link to this Website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part without our express written consent. This Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to: link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Website; send emails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Website; cause limited portions of content on this Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites. You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and solely with respect to the content they are displayed with and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features. Subject to the foregoing, you must not: cause this Website or portions of this Website to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site, otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Service. The sites from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in these Terms of Service. You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our sole discretion. Links from this Website If this Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the Contents, privacy policies, or practices of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any third-party site, applications, software, content, or advertising does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by us. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites. Further, you agree to release us from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website, Content, service, or software accessed through this Website. Your communications or dealings with, or participation in promotions of, sponsors, advertisers, or other third parties found through this Website, are solely between you and such third parties. You agree that this Website shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any dealings with such sponsors, third parties or advertisers, or as the result of their presence on this Website. Permitted Disclosures of Personal Information This Website generally does not collect personally identifiable information (data such as your name, email address, password, and the content of your communications) unless you submit or communicate Content through this Website or register with us in order to use certain features of this Website. This Website will not disclose any personally identifiable information they collects or obtains except: (i) as described in these Terms of Service or our Privacy Policy ; (ii) after obtaining your permission to a specific use or disclosure; (iii) if this Website is required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request (such as a court order, search warrant, subpoena, civil discovery request, or statutory requirement) and may in our sole discretion advise you of such process or request; (iv) as required to protect the Website’s property, safety, or operations, or the property or safety of others; or (v) to a person that acquires this Website, or the assets of the Website’s operator in connection with which such information has been collected or used; or (vi) as otherwise required by law. If this Website is required to respond to or comply with any of these information requests, we reserve the right to charge you with the cost of responding to or complying with such information request, including, but not limited to, costs of research, copies, media storage, mail, and document delivery, as well as any applicable legal fees. This Website will have access to all information that you have submitted or created for as long as reasonably required to comply with or investigate any information requests, or to protect this Website. In order to enforce these Terms of Services, to protect intellectual property rights, to comply with legal processes and the law, and to protect this Website, you agree to allow this Website to access your information. Indemnification To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless this Website, its site operator, its parent corporation, its affiliates, licensors, service providers, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns from and against any and all claims, damages, judgments, awards, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to this Website; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Service; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that your Content caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of this Website. You agree that we shall have the sole right and obligation to control the legal defense against any such claims, demands, or litigation, including the right to select counsel of our choice and to compromise or settle any such claims, demands, or litigation. Disclaimers YOU USE THE WEBSITE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. WE PROVIDE THE WEBSITE "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE WEBSITE, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO THE WEBSITE AND GOODS OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE WEBSITE’S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THE WEBSITE OR THAT THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS AND ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES. THE WEBSITE DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES OR ANY HYPERLINKED SERVICES OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING AND, THE WEBSITE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE. NO INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS. Limitation of Liability IN NO EVENT SHALL THE WEBSITE, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, OR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR WEBSITE OR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR WEBSITE, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR WEBSITE OR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA OUR WEBSITE OR SERVICES, AND/OR (VI) INTERACTIONS YOU HAVE WITH THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISEMENTS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR THIRD-PARTY SITES, FOUND ON OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING PAYMENT AND DELIVERY OF RELATED GOODS OR SERVICES, AND ANY OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, POLICIES, WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH SUCH DEALINGS, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE WEBSITE OR ITS SITE OPERATOR ARE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE WEBSITE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONTENT OR FOR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY, AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY CONTENT UPLOADED TO THIS WEBSITE MAY BE VIEWED, DOWNLOADED, SHARED, AND DISTRIBUTED, POTENTIALLY IN VIOLATION OF YOUR RIGHTS OR THESE TERMS OF SERVICE – AND THAT YOU SOLELY ASSUME SUCH RISKS AS A MATERIAL PART OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. YOU AGREE NOT TO FILE ANY ARBITRATION CLAIM, LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING INCONSISTENT WITH THE FOREGOING LIABILITY LIMITATIONS. Any claim by you that may arise in connection with these Terms of Service may be compensable by monetary damages up to, if any, a maximum of your paid subscription fee in the last twelve (12) months, and you will in no event be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief. Limitation on Time to File Claims REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED. Notice of Litigation You shall notify us in writing within two (2) working days after becoming aware of or obtaining knowledge of, any proceedings or threatened proceedings, including any litigation or governmental proceeding pending against you which could materially adversely affect our business, operations, prospects, property, assets, or condition (financial or otherwise); and any other event which is likely to materially adversely affect our business, operations, prospects, property, assets, or condition (financial or otherwise). Your Comments and Concerns This Website is operated by Aylo Freesites Ltd, Block 1, 195-197 Old Nicosia-Limassol Road, Dali Industrial zone, Cyprus 2540. All notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent to the copyright agent designated in our Copyright Policy in the manner and by the means set forth therein. All other feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to this Website should be directed to: support@redtube.com . Assignment These Terms of Service, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by us without restriction. Arbitration Agreement & Waiver of Certain Rights Except as set forth hereinabove, you and we agree that we will resolve any disputes between us (including any disputes between you and a third-party agent of ours) through binding and final arbitration instead of through court proceedings. You and we hereby waive any right to a jury trial of any Claim (defined below). All controversies, claims, counterclaims, or other disputes arising between you and us or you and a third-party agent of ours (each a “ Claim ”) shall be submitted for binding arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“ AAA Rules ”). The arbitration will be heard and determined by a single arbitrator. The arbitrator's decision in any such arbitration will be final and binding upon the parties and may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. You and we agree that the arbitration proceedings will be kept confidential and that the existence of the proceeding and any element of it (including, without limitation, any pleadings, briefs or other documents submitted or exchanged and any testimony or other oral submissions and awards) will not be disclosed beyond the arbitration proceedings, except as may lawfully be required in judicial proceedings relating to the arbitration, by applicable disclosure rules and regulations of securities regulatory authorities or other governmental agencies, or as specifically permitted by state law. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. However, the Arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have the exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of these Terms of Service including, but not limited to, a claim that all or any part of these Terms of Service is void or voidable. If you demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, we will pay as much of the administrative costs and arbitrator's fees required for the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the cost of the arbitration from being prohibitive. In the final award, the arbitrator may apportion the costs of arbitration and the compensation of the arbitrator among the parties in such amounts as the arbitrator deems appropriate. This arbitration agreement under this section does not preclude either party from seeking action by federal, state, or local government agencies. You and we also have the right to bring qualifying claims in small claims court. In addition, you and we retain the right to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for provisional relief, including pre-arbitral attachments or preliminary injunctions, and any such request shall not be deemed incompatible with these Terms of Service, nor a waiver of the right to have disputes submitted to arbitration as provided in these Terms of Service. Neither you nor we may act as a class representative or private attorney general, nor participate as a member of a class of claimants, with respect to any Claim. Claims may not be arbitrated on a class or representative basis. The arbitrator can decide only your and/or our individual Claims. The arbitrator may not consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated. The arbitrator may award in the arbitration the same damages or other relief available under applicable law, including injunctive and declaratory relief, as if the action were brought in court on an individual basis. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing or herein, the arbitrator may not issue a “public injunction” and any such “public injunction” may be awarded only by a federal or state court. If either party seeks a “public injunction,” all other claims and prayers for relief must be adjudicated in arbitration first and any prayer or claim for a “public injunction” in federal or state court stayed until the arbitration is completed, after which the federal or state court can adjudicate the party’s claim or prayer for “public injunctive relief.” In doing so, the federal or state court is bound under principles of claim or issue preclusion by the decision of the arbitrator. If any provision of this Section is found to be invalid or unenforceable, then that specific provision shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed, but the remainder of this Section shall continue in full force and effect. No waiver of any provision of this Section of the Terms of Service will be effective or enforceable unless recorded in a writing signed by the party waiving such a right or requirement. Such a waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of this Terms of Service. This Section of the Terms will survive the termination of your relationship with us. This present Section entitled “Arbitration” shall only apply to Users located in the United States of America. THIS SECTION LIMITS CERTAIN RIGHTS, INCLUDING THE RIGHT TO MAINTAIN A COURT ACTION, THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY FORM OF CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE CLAIM, THE RIGHT TO ENGAGE IN DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN AAA RULES, AND THE RIGHT TO CERTAIN REMEDIES AND FORMS OF RELIEF. OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU OR WE WOULD HAVE IN COURT ALSO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. Miscellaneous These Terms of Service, your use of this Website, and the relationship between you and us shall be governed by the laws of Cyprus, without regard to conflict of law rules. Nothing contained in these Terms of Service shall constitute an agreement to the application of the laws of any other nation to this Website. You agree that this Website shall be deemed a passive Website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over us, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than Cyprus. The sole and exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any action or proceeding arising out of or related to these Terms of Service shall be in an appropriate court located in Limassol, Cyprus. You hereby submit to the jurisdiction and venue of said Courts. No waiver by us of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Service shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure by us to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Service is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Service, which shall remain in full force and effect. The Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy , our Copyright Policy and any documents they expressly incorporate by reference constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and us with respect to this Website. We may terminate these Terms of Service for any or no reason at any time by notifying you through a notice on this Website, by email, or by any other method of communication. Any such termination will be without prejudice to our rights, remedies, claims, or defenses hereunder. Upon termination of the Terms of Service, you will no longer have a right to access your account or your Content. We will not have any obligation to assist you in migrating your data or your Content and we may not keep any back up of any of your Content. We undertake no responsibility for deleting your Content under these Terms of Service. Note that, even if your Content is deleted from our active servers, it may remain in our archives (but we have no obligation to archive or back-up your Content), and subject to the licenses set forth in these Terms of Service. Advertise on Redtube Start advertising on RedTube today: Create your advertiser account There has been an error while sending your request. Please try again later. Thank you. Name: E-mail: * Subject: My site: I'm interested in: Global Traffic Geo-targeted Traffic Comments: * Submit Your request has been sent, thank you. Frequently Asked Questions Why can’t I upload content? Please note that you must first create a free member account in order to be permitted to upload content. How do I become a Community Member? You can create a FREE member account by following this link and completing the steps www.redtube.com/register How much does RedTube cost? RedTube is completely free of charge. I can’t find my verification email. What do I do? Please note: If you do not receive our email confirmation right after registration, please look into your SPAM mailbox first. If you are still unable to locate the email confirmation, please contact our support team for further assistance at support@redtube.com How do I change my password? You may change your password in the settings section of your account. Help! I forgot my password, how can I retrieve it? Please use the following link to regain access to your account www.redtube.com/front/lost_password Where can I update my email address? Your email address can be updated in the settings of your account. Can I change my username? Usernames can only be changed by a member of our support team and are subject to availability. Please contact support@redtube.com with this inquiry. How do I delete my free member account? To permanently deactivate your free member account go to settings and scroll to the bottom of the page where you will see the option to delete your account. How do I cancel my Live Cams account? For assistance with this inquiry, please contact RedTube Live Cam's support team directly by using the following link: https://www.redtube.com/rtlive_support or email support@redtubelive.com Does RedTube pay me for video uploads? Please note that RedTube does not offer monetary compensation for user uploaded-videos. 
            If you are looking to upload your amateur content, you may be interested in a Model Payment Program. We do not currently offer a model payment program, however, we can refer you over to our sister website Pornhub.
            Here is the link to their amateur program: www.pornhub.com/partners/mpp How do I download a video? On PC: The download button is located below the video player. To download a video to your device please click this button and select your video quality preference. On Mobile: Please note that you must download the Kode Browser App in order to be able to download videos on your device. Once downloaded, please go to redtube.com and the video you would like to download on the "downloader and private browser" app. If you are in-app and on the video page, click on download and it will start downloading the video. How do I add a video to my favorites? To add a video to your favorites simply click the heart button located below the video player. How do I create a Playlist? 1 To create a playlist simply click the “add to” button below the video player 2 Click on “create new playlist” and follow the steps. I am having trouble viewing videos. What do I do? We recommend the following actions: 1 Clear your browser's cache. If you are unsure how to do so you can try the following link: www.wikihow.com 2 If you are running AdBlock on your computer, please temporarily disable the feature to see if this fixes the issue. 3 Try another browser If after trying all of our recommendations you are still having problems please send our support team a screengrab (.jpg) of the page, and any errors, so that we can investigate further. Please also confirm the device you are using along with the browsers you have tested this on. Why are videos playing in slow-motion/ fast-motion? This would be due to our Slow/Fast Motion Playback. To fix this issue, simply click the settings cog on the video player and select your desired speed. What kinds of videos are unacceptable on RedTube? RedTube is a community website, we all must respect certain rules of decent community behavior. We reserve the right to refuse any videos that contain illegal content, harassing, harmful, abusive, obscene or hateful. For the full description, you can see our Terms of Service Someone uploaded a photo or video of me without my consent. How do I get it taken down? If someone has uploaded a video or photo of you without your knowledge and consent, please send our support team the URL to this content and specify the situation. Our team will have it removed within 24-48 business hours. How do I make sure a video of me or my content never gets uploaded to RedTube? We use MediaWise®, a third-party automated audiovisual identification system, to assist us in identifying and blocking potentially infringing content from being uploaded by users. Videos uploaded to RedTube are compared against MediaWise®’s database of digital fingerprints. When a video is matched to a digital fingerprint, access to it is disabled. If you are interested in having your content digitally fingerprinted by the provider of the automated audiovisual identification system we use,
                    please contact Vobile in one of the manners described at www.vobile.com/about/contact/ How do I add my name to RedTube's Pornstar directory? Please contact our support team directly for further assistance with this request. I'd like to buy an Ad on RedTube, how does that work? All advertisement inquiries are managed by TrafficJunky. To promote your business on our networks, contact their sales team directly at trafficjunky.com I run an adult website, do you have a partner program? Content Producers have a great opportunity to boost their profits using our site. Visit our RedTube’s Content Partner Program page for more information and to sign up. Can I embed redtube.com videos on my site? 1 On your computer, go to the RedTube video you would like to embed. Click the “share” button located under the video player and select the embed symbol. 2 From the box that appears, copy the embed code and paste it into your site. My question wasn’t answered. What do I do now? For further assistance with your inquiry, please contact our support team . Privacy Policy Last Modified: August 17, 2023 Introduction Aylo Freesites Ltd (hereinafter “ we ”, “ us ” or “ our ”) operate the websites https://redtube.com/ (hereinafter “ RedTube ”) and http://redtubepremium.com/ (hereinafter “ RedTube Premium ”) (RedTube and RedTube Premium collectively hereinafter referred to as the “ Websites ”) and is the controller of the information collected or provided via the Websites and its affiliates. Please read this privacy policy carefully, as your access to and use of our Websites signifies that you have read and understand all terms within this privacy policy. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please see “ Contact Information ” below for information on how to contact us. Scope For the purposes of this privacy policy, “ process ”, “ processed ” or “ processing ” means any operation or set of operations performed on personal data or on sets of personal data (excluding disclosure thereof), whether or not by automated means, including one or several of the following operations: collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. Information on disclosure of personal data or of sets of personal data may be found in the “Disclosure of Your Personal Information” section below. This privacy policy applies to information we collect: on the Websites and your email communications with the Websites, through our mobile applications that provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and the Websites, or when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this privacy policy. The Data We Process About You We may process different kinds of personal data about you, depending on whether you chose to create an account with us. Persons who visit the Websites without logging in or registering (“ Unregistered users ”): Contact Information: We process email address or any other information which you voluntarily provide to us at your direction for a specific function, for example a contest or survey. In some cases, we process usernames or similar identifiers, and email addresses as part of the process to verify that you are over the age of majority required to have access to the Websites and to view their contents. Website activity data: We process information about how you use our Websites, products and services and interact with our content and advertisements, including the pages you visit in our Websites, search history, and the referring web page from which you arrived at our Websites. We process browser and operating system information, devices you use to access the Websites and your time zone setting. We also process online identifiers. Specifically, we process internet protocol (IP) address information and we set cookies as explained below in the section on Cookies and Automatic Data Processing Technologies. Identifiers: Some users may be asked to provide identifiers (including government-issued photo identification as well as other documentation) in order to verify that they are over the age of majority required to have access to the Websites and to view their contents. In such cases, this information is processed by trusted third party age verification service providers. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of these third-party age verification service providers. Read the privacy terms and conditions of these service providers carefully. Persons who choose to create an account on RedTube (“ Registered Users ”) and persons who choose to upgrade their account on RedTube to a premium account such that they have access to the content found on RedTube Premium (“ Premium users ”): We process from registered users the same categories of information described above for unregistered users. Contact Information: We process username or similar identifier, and email address. Payment and Commercial Information: : If you subscribe, make a purchase, we process payment card or account details and related information necessary to process payments. We also process details about payments to and from you, details about your subscription, and details of products and services you have purchased or received from us. User Submitted Personal Information: We process information you submit in order to personalize your account or for a specific function, for example date of birth, age, gender, your interests, preferences, feedback, survey responses, your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties, and your communication preferences, as well as any other information which you voluntarily provide to us at your direction for a specific function. Identifiers and Biometric Information: Some users may be asked to provide identifiers (including government-issued photo identification as well as other documentation) in order to verify their identity and that they are over the age of majority required to have access to the Websites and to view their contents. We also process biometric information in order to verify the authenticity of the identifiers you provide to us while registering for such services as further explained in the section “Biometric Information” below. This information is processed by trusted third party age verification service providers. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of these third-party age verification service providers. Read the privacy terms and conditions of these service providers carefully. User Contributions including Audio/Video Information: We provide areas on our Websites where you can post information about yourself and others, communicate with others, upload content (e.g., pictures, video files, etc.), and post comments or reviews of content found on the Websites. Please use caution in providing user contributions. By providing user contributions you are making that content and information publicly available . User contributions can be read, collected, used, and disclosed by others, and we cannot control who accesses your user contributions or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post or submit. User contributions are governed by the RedTube terms of use found at https://www.redtube.com/information#terms and the RedTube Premium terms of use found at https://www.redtubepremium.com/information/terms . We may process your data to produce and share aggregated insights that do not directly or indirectly identify you and are not associated with you. Such aggregate information is not personal information. Our Websites are not directed to persons under the age of 18 or the applicable age of majority in the jurisdiction from which the Websites are accessed (“ minors ”), and we prohibit minors from using the Websites. As indicated throughout this privacy policy, some users may be asked to provide some information to us and our service providers in order for us to make sure that they are over the age of majority required to have access to the Websites and to view their contents. We do not knowingly process personal information from minors. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a minor who has provided us with personal information, then please contact us at support@redtube.com to have that minor’s personal information deleted. The Sources from Which We Process Personal Information We process Personal Information in the following ways: Directly from you: We process the categories of information listed above directly from you. Automated technologies or interactions . As explained in the section below on Cookies and Automatic Data Collection Technologies , we set cookies and other automatic techniques to process website activity data when you visit the Websites or other websites owned by our corporate group. Purposes for Which We Process Your Personal Information We process personal information for the purposes described below. Provision of services: We process identifiers, website activity data, and, additionally, for registered users and Premium users only, contact information, and payment and commercial information and user contributions to present our Websites and their contents to you, including any interactive features on our Websites, to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us, and to verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes. Customer management (Registered Users and Premium Users Only): We process identifiers and contact information, and payment and commercial information to manage a Premium users’ and registered users’ account, to provide customer support and notices to the registered user about their account or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, and notices about changes to our Websites or any products or services we offer or provide through them. We process identifiers and biometric information for the purpose of verifying your identity and the authenticity of the identifiers you provide to us while registering for certain services on the Websites. Customization of content and marketing (Unregistered Users and Registered Users): We process for both Registered Users and Unregistered Users, identifiers and contact information, website activity data; and for Registered Users, user submitted personal information and user contributions to analyze your use of, or interest in, our Websites’ content, products, or services, in order to develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Websites Analytics: We process identifiers and website activity data to determine whether users of our Websites are unique, or whether the same user is using the Websites on multiple occasions, and to monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, demographic patterns. Functionality and security: We may process any of the categories of data we process to diagnose or fix technology problems, to verify your payment information, and to detect, prevent, and respond to actual or potential fraud, illegal activities, or intellectual property infringement. Compliance: We may process any of the categories of data we process to enforce our terms and conditions and to comply with our legal obligations. In certain jurisdictions, this includes our legal obligation to verify the age of users having access to our Websites. We will process contact information and user submitted personal information in any other way we may describe when you provide the information (e.g., for a contest); or for any other purpose with your consent provided separately from this privacy policy. Our Legal Bases Under Canadian and European Union (EU) Privacy Law We have the following legal bases under Canadian and EU privacy law for processing your personal data for the purposes described under Purposes for Which We Process Your Personal Information section: We process personal data for the purposes of providing the services, customer management, certain customization of content (e.g., based on your selected preferences, favorites and ratings), and functionality and security because the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract, specifically it is necessary to provide the services or products you have requested, or to provide our Websites and services in a manner consistent with our terms and conditions and any other contract that you have with us. We process personal data, including identifiers, because such processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. We process personal data for the purposes of customization of advertising, marketing and analytics for our legitimate interests. We process personal data for functionality and security because it is necessary for our legitimate interests, and in certain cases because the processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. We process personal information in specific circumstances where you have provided your consent to such processing. Disclosure of Your Personal Information We disclose personal information: To the public: When you submit user contributions including audio/video content, you are using our Websites and services to make that information public. Within our corporate group: We may disclose any of the categories of personal information to members of our corporate group (including affiliates and related entities) to the extent this is necessary for our purposes listed in the sections above. Service providers: We disclose the categories of personal information we process to our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include payment processing and fulfilling orders, identity and document authenticity verification including biometric processing, age verification, risk and fraud detection and mitigation, customer service, marketing and advertising, customization of content, analytics, security, or hosting our Websites or supporting our Websites’ functionality. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to process such information for any other purposes. Legal successors: We may disclose all of the categories of personal information we process to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, acquisition or sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding. To comply with the law or protect our rights or the rights of third parties: We access, preserve and share all of the categories of personal information with regulators, law enforcement or others where we reasonably believe such disclosure is needed to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities, security or technical issues, (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; or (e) to maintain and protect the security and integrity of our Websites or infrastructure. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion. Cookies and Automatic Data Collection Technologies As you navigate through and interact with our Websites, we use automatic data collection technologies to collect website activity data. We use cookies , which are small text files that are stored in your web browser or downloaded to your device when you visit a website. We currently use the following types of cookies, which are set by the Websites’ domains, or by other domains we own or control: Strictly necessary cookies : These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Websites. These include, for example, cookies that enable a user to log in to our Websites and to check if a user is allowed access to a particular service or content. Functionality cookies : These cookies help us to personalize and enhance your online experience on our Websites. This type of cookies allows us to recognize you when you return to our Websites and to remember, for example, your choice of language. Analytics cookies : These cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of users and to see how users use and explore our Websites. These cookies help us to improve our Websites, for example by ensuring that all users are able to find what they are looking for easily. Additionally, we may use third party session recording technologies that helps us better understand our users’ experience, however, the recording data is pseudonymized. Targeting and Advertising cookies : These cookies record visits of a user on our Websites, the pages a user visits and the links a user follows in order to enable us to make our Websites more relevant to the user’s interests and to help us serve ads that might be of interest to the user. Targeting and advertising cookies are only used for Unregistered Users and Registered Users. Analytics, Functionality and Advertising/Targeting cookies can be switched off at any time by accessing the ‘Manage cookies’ option that is located at the footer of our website. However, if you decline to accept these cookies, some functionality on our Websites may be disabled and can interrupt your access to certain parts of our Website. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies. A session cookie expires automatically when you close your browser. A persistent cookie will remain until it expires, or you delete your cookies. Expiration dates are set in the cookies themselves; some may expire after a few minutes while others may expire after multiple years. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies. A session cookie expires automatically when you close your browser. A persistent cookie will remain until it expires or you delete your cookies. Expiration dates are set in the cookies themselves; some may expire after a few minutes while others may expire after multiple years. Do Not Track: Our systems do not recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals. Use of Google Analytics . We use Google as a service provider to collect and analyze information about how users use the Websites, including, by collecting website activity data through first-party cookies set by our domains, and third-party cookies set by Google. Because we activated IP anonymization for Google Analytics, Google will anonymize the last octet of a particular IP address and will not store your full IP address. Google will use the information only for the purpose of providing Google Analytics services to us and will not use this information for any other purposes. The information collected by Google Analytics may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States pursuant to standard contractual clauses approved by the EU. You can learn more on how Google uses data here, and you can opt-out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page or by accepting only necessary cookies . Third-party use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies Some content or applications, including advertisements, on RedTube are provided or served by third parties. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you click to view, access, or use any of the third-party feature on RedTube or directed to such third-party website. Unless expressly stated otherwise, RedTube does not provide any personal information to these third parties, however, when you click on a third-party internet-based advertising, they may collect information, including your IP address, advertisements you click, time zone setting and location, and information about your browser, operating system and devices you use to access RedTube to provide targeted content. You can set your browser to refuse all third-party cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Your Choices About How We Process and Disclose Your Personal Information We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. You can choose not to provide us with certain personal information, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our Websites because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member; subscribe, purchase products or services; participate in a contest, promotion, survey, or sweepstakes; ask a question; or initiate other transactions on our Websites. The Cookie Banner can be utilized to customize your cookie preferences. The Cookie Banner will record when you have consented to our cookies. For logged in users, we will ask for consent once a year or when we have major changes to our cookies, to ensure you stay up to date with changes to our cookie and privacy policies. For non-logged in users, your Cookie Banner selection will be kept only for the specific session. The Cookie Banner specifically controls the Functionality, Analytics, and Advertising cookies set by using our website. Strictly necessary cookies cannot be disabled, nor can the tool be used to block cookies on third party websites linked from our website. You can access the Cookie Banner anytime by clicking on the ‘Manage cookies’ option that is located at the footer of our website. You can opt out of receiving marketing emails from us using the opt-out link provided in our emails or by changing your preferences in your account settings. If you are a Registered User, we may continue to send you other types of important emails e.g., e-mails about your transactions, account or orders. You may use your account settings to delete your user contributions and audio/video information. You may also delete and deactivate your account with us at any time unless required not to do so by law or by a court order. If you do so, your profile will no longer be accessible by you. If you later choose to have an account with us, you will have to sign up for a new account as none of the information you previously provided or saved within your account will have been saved. Your Rights Related to Your Personal Information Generally, in some regions like Canada, European Economic Area (“EEA”), and the United Kingdom, you have certain rights regarding the personal information we process and that is related to you, including the right: to receive information on the personal information we hold about you and how such personal information is processed (right to access); to correct inaccurate personal information concerning you (right to data rectification); to delete/erase your personal information (right to deletion, “right to be forgotten”) to receive the personal information provided by you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit the personal information to another data controller (right to data portability) to object to the processing of your personal information where such processing is based on our legitimate interests or on public interests (right to object); in some cases, to restrict our processing of your personal information (right to restriction of processing); and to withdraw your consent at any time where our processing is based on consent (right to withdrawal of consent). You may exercise your right to access and deletion using the buttons at the bottom of this page. Additionally, you may, at any time, send us an e-mail at support@redtube.com to exercise your above rights in accordance with the applicable legal requirements and limitations. If you are located in the European Economic Area or the UK, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. Please note that unless you have created an account with us, we may not have sufficient information to identify you and therefore may not be in a position to respond to your request. Additionally, in some cases in order to adequately verify your identity or your authorization to make the request, we may require you to provide additional information or that you confirm information which we have already collected from you. Note that some requests to delete certain personal information will require the deletion of your user account as the provision of user accounts are inextricably linked to the processing of certain personal information (e.g., your e-mail address). California Rights and Choices The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides you certain rights in relation to your personal information: Right to Know : You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our processing of your personal information over the past 12 months, including the specific pieces of information we processed. Right to Request Deletion : You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information we processed from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the CCPA. Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Your Rights : We will not discriminate against you because you have exercised any of your rights under the CCPA. To exercise the rights described above, please use the buttons at the bottom of this page or email us at support@redtube.com with the email subject line “CCPA Request.” In either case you will need to provide the following information to verify your identity and enable us to locate your information in our systems: your username and email address that you used to create an account with us, as well as any other information which we may reasonably request in order for us to verify your identity. We may require you verify that you have access to your account and/or email account that you used to register with us. You can designate an agent to make a request by executing a notarized power of attorney to have that person act on your behalf and providing that person with the information listed above that allows us to verify your identity and locate your information. Alternatively, you will need to directly confirm your identity with us using the methods described above, sign an authorization for the agent to act on your behalf and provide us with confirmation that you have done so. We disclose certain categories of California residents’ personal information for our business purposes, as described in the section above titled Disclosure of Your Personal Information. Resident’s Rights – Jurisdictions in the United States, Where Applicable We do not sell, trade, or exchange the Registered Users’ personal information with anyone for money. Biometric Information We employ third-party service providers to help verify your identity and age and to check background records and the authenticity of identification documents you provide using facial recognition technology. The facial recognition technology creates a mathematical representation of your face and detects facial features from the live scan of your face, your selfie, and the government-issued ID you submit or previously submitted to us. This mathematical representation, which is considered biometric information/identifier/data under the laws of certain states and countries, is not shared by our service providers with us, and is deleted by our service providers 7 days after its creation. Information derived from this mathematical representation, which may be considered biometric information/identifier/data under the laws of certain states and countries, is shared by our service providers with us as further described below. Your biometric information will be processed to: verify you are a real, live person and to prevent the use of methods which would allow a user to identify as someone else; to match your selfie with your government-issued ID you submit or previously submitted to us to make sure that nobody is impersonating you; to help confirm your age; and to check your criminal/background history. We may disclose your biometric information, face scan, selfie, and government-issued ID (including any government-issued ID or selfie you previously submitted to us) with members of our corporate group, and with third-party service providers. These entities may be located in jurisdictions that do not offer the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction. We (and/or any of these entities) may perform facial recognition and process your biometric information from your face scan, selfie and any government-issued ID, and processing your biometric information for the above purposes. Biometric information shared by our service providers with us will be stored for as long as you have a Pornhub Model Partner Program account. We will delete your biometric information within three (3) years of you deleting your Pornhub Model account or withdrawing your consent, subject to any legal obligations we might have. You will be asked to provide your consent to biometric processing. You may withdraw your consent to this processing at any time by using the links below. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing or disclosure that occurred prior to the withdrawal. Please note that this section entitled “Biometric Information” applies to relevant users who wish to upload content onto our Websites (through Pornhub’s Model Partner Program for example) but does not apply to identifiers processed by our third-party age verification service providers solely for the purpose of granting you access to our Websites in order to view the contents found thereon. Notice to Law Enforcement The following information serves as a guideline for law enforcement officials seeking disclosure of records. You may serve us a valid Court Order, Subpoena, Search Warrant or equivalent Legal or Official Administrative Document by respecting the following conditions: The document(s) is uploaded, and all required fields have been filed out adequately on our platform for Legal Service Process located at https://legalservice.Aylo.com/legal/datarequest The document(s) you are serving is correctly issued by a valid Court of Law or equivalent legal or administrative authority to us (See our Websites’ footer to find our operating entity); The document(s) is also sent by mail at the following address: 195-197 Old Nicosia-Limassol Road, Block 1 Dali Industrial Zone, Cyprus 2540. We reserve the right to refuse online service through our Websites, namely in cases where the above requirements are not met and require formal legal service at the above address. In such event, you will be notified. We may raise or waive any legal objection or right available, in our sole discretion. Transfers of Your Personal Information to Other Countries Where the laws of your country allow you to do so, by using the Websites you consent to the transfer of information that we process about you, including personal information, to other countries in which we, members of our corporate group (including affiliates and related entities) or our service providers are located. When we transfer personal information to countries outside of the EEA or other regions with comprehensive data protection laws, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with the applicable laws. Where relevant, our transfers outside the EEA are made pursuant to standard contractual clauses approved for use by the European Union. Retention of Personal Information We will only retain your personal information for as long as your account is active, or for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we processed it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider a number of factors, including what personal data we are processing, the risk of harm from any unauthorised disclosure, why we are processing your personal data and whether we can achieve this outcome by another means without having to process it. Where we no longer need to process your personal information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, we will delete your personal information from our systems. Where permissible, we will also delete your personal information upon your request as explained above in the section “Your Rights Related to Your Personal Information” . Third-Party Links and Sites If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of these websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third-party practices. Changes to Our Privacy Policy We may modify or revise our privacy policy from time to time. If we change anything in our privacy policy, the date of change will be reflected in the “last modified date”. We may attempt to notify you of any material changes as required by law. Please also periodically review the most up-to-date version of our privacy policy, which will be posted at this location, so you are aware of any changes. Contact Information If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our information-handling practices, please contact us at support@redtube.com . You may also contact us at 195-197 Old Nicosia-Limassol Road, Block 1 Dali Industrial Zone, Cyprus 2540, Phone: +357 22662 320, Fax: +357 22343 282. Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at the following email address: dpo@redtube.com . Manage My Data With respect to Data Protection Laws in users’ jurisdictions, RedTube Registered Users may request for a copy of their personal data as well as request RedTube to delete their personal data. Request a copy of my personal data Delete my personal data Note: AdBlocker add-ons interfere with the Manage My Data system. Please disable them. Copyright Policy Last Modified: August 17, 2023 Reporting Claims of Copyright Infringement We take claims of copyright infringement seriously. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “ DMCA ”) or any other applicable intellectual property legislation or laws. Responses may include removing, blocking or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity, terminating the user’s access to www.redtube.com (“ RedTube ”), or all of the foregoing. If you believe any material accessible on RedTube infringes your copyright, you may submit a copyright infringement notification (see below, “Filing a DMCA Notice of Copyright Infringement” for instructions on filing such a notice). These requests should only be submitted by the copyright owner or an agent authorized to act on the owner’s behalf. If we remove or disable access to material in response to such a notice, we will take reasonable steps to notify the user that uploaded the affected content material that we have removed or disabled access to so that the user has the opportunity to submit a counter notification (see below, “Counter-Notification Procedures” for instructions on filing a counter notification). It is our policy to document all notices of alleged infringement on which we act. All copyright infringement notifications and counter-notifications must be written in English. Any attempted notifications written in foreign languages or using foreign characters may, at our discretion, be deemed non-compliant and disregarded. Filing a DMCA Notice of Copyright Infringement If you choose to request removal of content by submitting an infringement notification, please remember that you are initiating a legal process. Do not make false claims. Misuse of this process may result in the suspension of your account or other legal consequences. You may notify RedTube of alleged copyright infringement via our form found at DMCA Takedown Form . This form is designed to help you identify your content accurately and help speed up the process of content take-down. We also accept free-form copyright infringement notifications. In that case, in accordance with the DMCA, the written notice (the “DMCA Notice”) must include substantially the following: Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to have been infringed or, if the claim involves multiple works, a representative list of such works. Identification of the material you believe to be infringing in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material. If your complaint does not contain the specific URL of the video you believe infringes your rights, we may be unable to locate and remove it. General information about the video, such as a channel URL or username, is typically not adequate. Please include the URL(s) of the exact video(s). Adequate information by which we, and the uploader(s) of any video(s) you remove, can contact you (including your name, postal address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address). A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law. A statement that the information in the written notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Complete complaints require the physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a representative authorized to act on their behalf. To satisfy this requirement, you may type your full legal name to act as your signature at the bottom of your complaint. Our designated copyright agent to receive DMCA Notices is: Lawrence G. Walters Walters Law Group 195 W. Pine Ave. Longwood, FL 32750 Email: copyright@aylofreesites.com Please do not send other inquiries or requests to our designated copyright agent. Absent prior express permission, our designated copyright agent is not authorized to accept or waive service of formal legal process, and any agency relationship beyond that required to receive valid DMCA Notices or Counter-Notices (as defined below) is expressly disclaimed. If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA, your DMCA Notice may not be effective. Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on RedTube is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA. The copyright owner’s name will be published on RedTube in place of disabled content. This will become part of the public record of your DMCA Notice, along with your description of the work(s) allegedly infringed. All the information provided in a DMCA Notice, the actual DMCA Notice (including your personal information), or both may be forwarded to the uploader of the allegedly infringing content. By submitting a DMCA Notice, you consent to having your information revealed in this way. Counter-Notification Procedures If you have received a DMCA Notice and believe that material you posted on RedTube was removed or access to it was disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may file a counter-notification with us (a “Counter-Notice” ). Counter notifications must be submitted by the video’s original uploader or an agent authorized to act on their behalf. Counter-notices must be sent to our designated agent: Lawrence G. Walters Walters Law Group 195 W. Pine Ave. Longwood, FL 32750 Email: copyright@aylofreesites.com Please do not send other inquiries or requests to our designated copyright agent. Absent prior express permission, our designated copyright agent is not authorized to accept or waive service of formal legal process, and any agency relationship beyond that required to receive valid DMCA Notices or Counter-Notices is expressly disclaimed. Pursuant to the DMCA, the Counter-Notice must include substantially the following: Your name, address, phone number and physical or electronic signature; Identification of the allegedly infringing content and its location before removal or access to it was disabled; A statement under penalty of perjury that you believe in good faith that the content was removed by mistake or misidentification; and A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Federal District Court for the judicial district in which you are located (or if you are outside the U.S., for any judicial district in which the operator of RedTube may be found), and that you will accept service of process from the person who originally provided us with the DMCA Notice or an agent of such person. We will not respond to Counter-Notices that do not meet the requirements set out above. After we receive your Counter Notice, we will forward it to the party who submitted the original DMCA Notice and inform that party that the removed material may be restored after ten (10) business days but no later than fourteen (14) business days from the date we received your Counter Notice, unless our Designated Agent first receives notice from the party who filed the original DMCA Notice informing us that such party has filed a court action to restrain you from engaging in infringing activity related to the material in question. Please note that when we forward your Counter Notice, it will include your personal information. By submitting a counter notification, you consent to having your information revealed in this way. We will not forward the counter notification to any party other than the original claimant or to law enforcement or parties that assist us with enforcing and protecting our rights. Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on RedTube was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA. Repeat Infringers In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, we have adopted a policy of terminating or disabling, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, the accounts of users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. We may also at our sole discretion limit access to RedTube, terminate or disable the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. Video Fingerprinting We use MediaWise®, an automated audiovisual identification system, to assist us in identifying and blocking potentially infringing content from being uploaded by users.
Videos uploaded to Redtube are compared against a database of digital fingerprints. When a video is matched to a digital fingerprint, access to it is disabled. If you are interested in having your content digitally fingerprinted by the provider of the automated audiovisual identification system we use, please contact Vobile Customer Support . 18 U.S.C. §2257 Record Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement The operator of Redtube is not the producer (whether primary or secondary as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2257) of any of the content found on Redtube. The operator’s activities, with respect to such content, are limited to the transmission, storage, retrieval, hosting and/or formatting of depictions posted by third party users, on areas of the website under the user’s control. Please direct any request you may have regarding §2257 records in relation to any content found on Redtube, directly to the respective uploader, amateur, producer, studio or account holder of the content (" Verified Uploaders "). For further assistance in communicating with the Verified Uploaders or any questions regarding this notice, please contact Redtube’s compliance department at support@redtube.com . Redtube abides by the following strict compliance procedures regarding uploaded content: All Verified Uploaders must be over eighteen (18) years of age (or age required by their State, jurisdiction or Country if more than 18 years old) and are personally identified and verified by Redtube at account activation prior to being able to upload, share and sell content on Redtube; Prior to uploads, Redtube ensures that all Verified Uploaders, provide evidence or certify that: all individuals appearing in the content are over the age of 18 years old (or minimal age required to appear in such content by their State, jurisdiction or Country if more than 18 years old); that they freely consented to appear in the content at the time of its production and agree to its upload on Redtube; as producer of said content, the Verified Uploader certifies being compliant with record keeping requirements under U.S.C. § 2257 for all content uploaded on Redtube, and agrees to deliver such documentation promptly upon request; the uploaded content does not violate Redtube’s Terms of Service , and any of its related policies namely but without limitation, its Child Sexual Abuse Material Policy , or Non-Consensual Content Policy . EU Digital Services Act As of July 31, 2023, RedTube has 6.7 million average monthly recipients of the service in the European Union, calculated as an average over the period of the past six months. HubTraffic Are you looking to make money by sending traffic to RedTube? Sign up at hubtraffic.com and start sending traffic to the largest adult tube site network! SIGNUP AT HUBTRAFFIC.COM RTA RedTube is rated with RTA label. Parents, you can easily block access to this site.    Please read this page http://www.rtalabel.org/index.php?content=parents for more information. DMCA Takedown Form Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material * : Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed * : Description of the work claimed to be infringed *: Select work My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video *: Title of original photo *: Title of original music or song *: Title of software *: Title of artwork *: Type of copyrighted work *: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material * : Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed * : Description of the work claimed to be infringed *: Select work My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video *: Title of original photo *: Title of original music or song *: Title of software *: Title of artwork *: Type of copyrighted work *: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material * : Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed * : Description of the work claimed to be infringed *: Select work My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video *: Title of original photo *: Title of original music or song *: Title of software *: Title of artwork *: Type of copyrighted work *: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material * : Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed * : Description of the work claimed to be infringed *: Select work My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video *: Title of original photo *: Title of original music or song *: Title of software *: Title of artwork *: Type of copyrighted work *: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material * : Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed * : Description of the work claimed to be infringed *: Select work My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video *: Title of original photo *: Title of original music or song *: Title of software *: Title of artwork *: Type of copyrighted work *: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material * : Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed * : Description of the work claimed to be infringed *: Select work My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video *: Title of original photo *: Title of original music or song *: Title of software *: Title of artwork *: Type of copyrighted work *: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material * : Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed * : Description of the work claimed to be infringed *: Select work My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video *: Title of original photo *: Title of original music or song *: Title of software *: Title of artwork *: Type of copyrighted work *: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material * : Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed * : Description of the work claimed to be infringed *: Select work My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video *: Title of original photo *: Title of original music or song *: Title of software *: Title of artwork *: Type of copyrighted work *: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material * : Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed * : Description of the work claimed to be infringed *: Select work My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video *: Title of original photo *: Title of original music or song *: Title of software *: Title of artwork *: Type of copyrighted work *: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material * : Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed * : Description of the work claimed to be infringed *: Select work My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video *: Title of original photo *: Title of original music or song *: Title of software *: Title of artwork *: Type of copyrighted work *: Title of copyrighted work: Add another video Please provide the following contact information First Name * Last Name * Address * City * ZIP/Postal Code * Copyright holder name (ex: company or full legal name): * State/Region/Province * Country * Select Country Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Asia/Pacific Region Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo => The Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Europe Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran => Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea => Democratic People's Republic of Korea => Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia => Federated States of Moldova => Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory => Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania => United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands => British Virgin Islands => U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Phone Number * Email Address * Check the following boxes to state that: (Each box below must be checked) UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY, you are the owner or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. You have a good faith belief that the use of the content in the manner complained of, is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. The information in this notification is accurate. You acknowledge that you may be subject to liability if you knowingly make a material misrepresentation that activity is infringing. Fair use should also be taken into consideration. You acknowledge that abuse of this tool may result in termination of your account. Please note: The copyright owner's name will be published on Redtube in place of the disabled content. This will become part of the public record of your request, along with your description of the work(s) allegedly infringed. All the information provided in this DMCA Takedown Form (including your personal information) are part of the full takedown notice and may be forwarded to the uploader of the allegedly infringing content. By submitting this form you consent to having your information revealed in this way. We reserve the right to challenge abuses of the DMCA process, and your use of this form does not waive that right. Type your full name here to provide your electronic signature *: SUBMIT CLAIM Your request has been sent, thank you. There has been an error while sending your request. Please try again later. Thank you. Virtual Reality (VR) Help What is Virtual Reality (a.k.a VR)? Virtual reality is a realistic 3D simulation of an environment that is computer generated. With the proper programs and equipment, you will be able to explore this artificial environment and interact with it. Do I need a VR headset to watch the videos? No, you do not need a headset to simply watch the videos but if you want to enjoy the full VR experience then we highly recommend that you have a VR headset. Where can I get a VR headset? You can buy any VR headset in stores or online. There are different types and models of VR headsets that are available. Here are some links to help you explore and be able to find a VR headset so you can have the full VR experience: The Google Cardboard which is the easiest and most affordable headset. It can be purchased online from Google or other sites such as amazon.com or ebay.com. This headset requires any smartphone. The Samsung Gear VR can be bought in stores or on their online store. This headset requires a Samsung smartphone. The Oculus Rift also can be found in stores or through their online store. This headset requires a PC. How can I view VR videos on my PC? If you do not have a headset to use for VR, you can still view VR videos. When the video player is loaded, click and hold on the video with your cursor and move the cursor around. You will be moving the view with your mouse. What phones are supported? The Google Cardboard is compatible with most smartphones as long as your phone screen size is between 4 to 7 inches. Samsung VR gear is compatible with Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, Note 5, S6 and S6 Edge (any new generation Samsung smartphones) Oculus Rift does not need a smartphone to operate, you need a PC with Windows 7 SP1 or newer. What is MilkVR? MilkVR is an app that is compatible with newer Samsung phones for the use of the Samsung Gear VR headset. It allows you to browse, download and watch VR content on your Gear VR. Mobile Google Cardboard How do I use my Google Cardboard headset on my android device? Open the Android Chrome browser and navigate to a VR video of your choice. Press the Cardboard icon in the bottom right of the video player. Put your phone in your Cardboard and enjoy! Oculus Rift: How do I watch VR videos on my oculus rift? Download and install the free VR Player on your PC. You can download here: (LINK to OCULUS DOWNLOADER) Navigate to any VR video and click the download VR video button under the video. Drag the downloaded video into the VR Player. Put on your headset and begin watching. If the video does not display properly, cycle through the modes by pressing 1, 2, 3, or 4 on your keyboard. Samsung gear VR: How do I watch VR videos on my Samsung Gear? **Samsung VR gear is only compatible with Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, Note 5, S6 and S6 Edge, or any newer generation phone. Install the Samsung Internet Beta from Oculus mobile app store or Oculus Home. Browse to a VR video in our VR category to watch it in 2D 360 mode. OR Download the MilkVR app from Oculus mobile app store. Download the video on your PC by clicking Download VR video under the video player. Copy the files to your phone in the "Card\MilkVR" or "Phone\MilkVR" folders. Get your GearVR headset ready and open the MilkVR app. Enjoy the VR experience! HTC Vive: I am getting a black screen but I have sound, what should I do? You can try closing the app and restarting it. Then you should be good to go. If you are still having issues please contact support . HTC Vive: I’m still having issues, what should I do? Please contact support and someone will respond to your email ASAP. CONNECT Contact Us COLLABORATE Content Partners / Affiliate Program / Webmaster API LEGAL Content Removal / Terms of Service / CSAM Policy / NCC Policy / Privacy Policy / DMCA / 2257 / EU DSA Pornhub Network Language: English English Português Deutsch Polski Français Español Italiano Русский 日本語 Sitemap View Mobile Version © 2023 Redtube.com Top Categories See All Amateur 191,429 Videos Lesbian 33,161 Videos Anal 61,661 Videos Step Fantasy 5,409 Videos Big Dick 108,929 Videos Most Popular Searches See All my friends hot mom Stepsister Stepmom THREESOME FamilyStrokes BRAZZERS pure taboo bokep indonesia Step Mom MILF Porn Videos Recommended Most Viewed Top Rated Playlists Trending Now Subscriptions Most Favorited Newest Longest In Your Language Recommended Videos See All 1080p 2:08:50 Ginger Stepmoms Are Hornier 2h COMP 517,683 views 86% 1440p 17:30 Thicc Latina Stepsister's Cum Challenge - Sophia Leone - 1,409,930 views 84% 720p 34:50 BLACKEDRAW Jason Luv Compilation 618,287 views 88% Trending Videos See All 1440p 34:29 Paige Owens fucks Nathan Bronson Hard 105,199 views 89% 1080p 36:55 Twistys - Feeling Lonely, Gorgeous Aidra Fox And Aria Lee Decides To Enjoy And Entertain Themselves 117,173 views 85% 1080p 1:16:23 THE HOTTEST Eliza Ibarra COMPILATION EVER! 129,925 views 87% Recently Updated Pornstars See All Tony Rubino 388            videos Nancy A 471            videos Alex Legend 711            videos Joanna Angel 467            videos Top Rated Pornstars See All Mia Khalifa 360            videos Lana Rhoades 341            videos Angela White 617            videos Eva Elfie 136            videos Channels Recommended Top Rated Most Viewed Most Subscribed Recently Updated Recommended Channels See All Bang Bros Network 4.4K Videos Brazzers 2.4K Videos Adult Time 923 Videos Puba 9.4K Videos Family Strokes 487 Videos Mylf 773 Videos BLACKED 503 Videos Public Agent 811 Videos Reality Kings 2K Videos Team Skeet 2.6K Videos Top Rated Channels See All Wow Girls 529 Videos Family Strokes 487 Videos Brazzers 2.4K Videos Bang Bros Network 4.4K Videos Dorcel Club 404 Videos Perv Mom 357 Videos LetsDoeIt 751 Videos Sis Loves Me 437 Videos MOFOS 2K Videos Love Home Porn 6.7K Videos Login Login to your RedTube account! Username or email *Username or email required. Password Forgot Password? *Password required. Keep me logged in Login or login with PORNHUB Don't have an account yet? Sign Up