CCPA Request Notice to California Residents This notice is an extension of our Privacy Policy for residents of the State of California, and uses the same definitions.
       It explains some additional rights and details that were introduced by
       the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA). Categories of Information We Collect This notice lists the categories of personal information we have
       collected through any of the Drudge Report Properties in the past 12
       months. Because some Drudge Report Properties work differently than
       others, your use of them may differ from other users. For more
       information on how we obtain this information, please refer to our Privacy Policy . Identifiers - including IP address, cookie ID, and mobile
      advertising ID. Internet or other electronic network activity information - including browsing activity Drudge Report Properties, browser
       type. This also encompasses other information that gets collected
       automatically when you use the Drudge Report Properties. Geolocation data, inferred from your IP address , to determine
       your legal jurustiction for CCPA compliance, and for aggeregate 
       analytics purposes to understand statistically where our users
       are. Inferences drawn from any of the above personal information - about your preferences, predispositions and behavior to 
        customize ads displayed to you. Categories of Information We DO NOT Collect This Section covers the specific things that we promise not do to that you might be concerned about. These are repeated from our Privacy Policy . We do not collect your email address, name, or telephone number(s) in order to use our web site. In fact, we don't collect any Personal Information as defined by California Civil Code section 1798.83. We do not collect your email address, name, or telephone number(s) when you use our news tip feedback form, unless you choose to include that information in the free form text field. Only your IP address is collected in order to limit abuse of the web form. We do not send marketing or sales emails to you. The Purposes for Our Collection Drudge Report collects some details about your internet browsing,
       including client IP addresses, displayed content, and individual
       user preferences for the following business purposes. Short-Term Transient Use . We use your IP address to 
       determine if you are a California resident, and for information
       security purposes to defend our web site against attacks. This
       information is not stored or associated with your identity by
       Drudge Report. Providing Advertising and Analytic Services . See 
       Interest-based advertising and analytics in our Privacy Policy Section 3.2 . Businesss Purposes . See our Privacy Policy Section 3.2 for details on all business purposes for our collection. Notice of Your Rights The CCPA allows California residents to request that a business that 
       collects California consumers' personal information give consumers 
       additional transparency and access to the specific pieces of personal
       information that the business has collected about the consumer.
       California residents also have the right to submit a request for 
       deletion of information under certain circumstances. SHINE THE LIGHT . Drudge Report does not collect or share any
       Personal Information as defined by California Civil Code section 1798.83.
       Therefore, the California "Shine the Light" law does not apply to the
       Drudge Report. Any requests for processing of information collection
       under "Shine the Light" will be legally rejected because they are not
       applicable. RIGHT TO NON-DESCRIMINATION . Consistent with California law,
       if you choose to exercise your rights under the CCPA, we will not
       provide different quality of services unless those differences are
       related to your information. RIGHT TO KNOW . To exercise your right under the CCPA to 
       request a description of the information we have collected about you,
       you may email privacy@drudgereport.com with the subject "CCPA RIGHT TO KNOW Request", and explain your 
       specific request in the message body. Alternatively, you may submit a 
       CCPA request by legally declaring your status as a California Resident
       using the button below, and following the instructions provided. RIGHT TO DELETE . To exercise your right to delete information
       we have collected about you, email privacy@drudgereport.com with
       the subject "CCPA RIGHT TO DELETE Request", and explain your specific 
       deletion request in the message body. Alternatively, you may submit a 
       CCPA request by legally declaring your status as a California Resident
       using the button below, and following the instructions provided. RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF SALE . Although Drudge Report does not 
       collect Personal Information as defined by California Civil Code section 
       1798.83, we use cookies as described as Advertising Cookies by our Website Cookie Policy to
       deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests.
       This practice is considered "sale" of your information under the CCPA,
       even though we don't receive payment for advertising optimization. You 
       have an option to opt-out from this if 
       you wish once you legally declare your California Resident status 
       below. Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information
       sufficient to confirm your identity, including by asking you for
       additional information. If you would like to use an agent registered
       with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we may
       request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of
       attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to
       submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. I hereby legally declare: I am a California Resident I am not a California Resident To exercise your RIGHT TO KNOW or RIGHT TO DELETE, use the button below, fill in the form completely, and submit it. Make a CCPA Legal Request To exercise your RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF SALE, visit our opt-out page . RIGHT TO KNOW Request RIGHT TO DELETE Request This notice only applies to California Residents. Sorry, you may not make requests under the CCPA.