Privacy Center | SHEIN USA Search Discovery Dress Jeans Sweater Christmas Decor Nails Shoes Skirt Cardigan Tops Jumpsuit Sign in / Register My Orders my message My Coupons My Points Recently Viewed More Services 0 0 Customer Service What can we do for you? Choose your language preference Currency USD / $ USD / $ EUR / € GBP / GBP£ CHF / CHF CAD / CA$ MXN / $MXN Language English Español International Site Categories New In Sale Women Clothing Curve Kids Men Fashion Women Lingerie & Sleep Women Jewelry & Accessories Women Shoes Home & Kitchen Sports & Outdoors Baby & Maternity Beauty & Health Bags & Luggage Electronics Tools & Home Improvement Home Textile & Sewing Appliances Automotive Pet Supplies Office & School Supplies Toys & Games New In Sale Women Clothing Curve Kids Men Fashion Women Lingerie & Sleep Women Jewelry & Accessories Women Shoes Home & Kitchen Sports & Outdoors Baby & Maternity Beauty & Health Bags & Luggage Electronics Tools & Home Improvement Home Textile & Sewing Appliances Automotive Pet Supplies Office & School Supplies Toys & Games holder 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 holder 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 文字 Home Privacy Center SHEIN Privacy Center Your Rights Request Center Privacy Policy Your Rights Your privacy and security are very important to us. On this page you will find a detailed description of your rights under applicable data protection laws, as well as information about how you can exercise those rights. Right to Access Right to Correction Right to Deletion Unsubscribe Right to Opt-out Right to Refuse Profiling Other Privacy Concerns Right to Access If you want to access the information we have collected about you, you have the right to receive a copy of your personal data in a structured and machine-readable format. You can submit your Access Request by going to your personal account settings. To ensure the security of your data, we will send a verification code to the email address associated with your SHEIN account. After you receive the code, you will be able to download your data from the account setting. Right to Correction If you believe that we have incorrect or incomplete information about you, we can make those changes in My Profile settings. It allows you to modify basic account information, such as profile picture, size or style preferences. Additionally, you can add or edit your payment methods and saved addresses to streamline the checkout process. Right to Deletion You have the right to request that we permanently erase your personal information from our records. Once your account erasure request has been processed, your information will be irreversibly deleted (except for certain data that we may retain to comply with our legal obligations, as outlined in our Privacy Policy). This means that you will not be able to login again, and if you want to shop at SHEIN in the future, you’ll need to set up a new account. You can exercise your Right to Erasure by submitting a request here . Please note that in order to maintain the security of your data, you will need access to the email or phone you used to register your SHEIN account. Unsubscribe If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from SHEIN, simply click on the ‘Unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any email we send you. You can also submit an unsubscribe request through our Request Center . We respect your choices, and we will fulfill your request in a timely manner. Right to Opt-out We do not sell our users’ information to third parties as that term is generally understood. However, making certain identifiers available to third parties may be considered a sale under certain laws. When you visit our website, we may share some personal identifiers such as cookies and other tracking technologies for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. If you would like to opt-out of the sale of such personal information, you can control how we share your data by clicking the “Manage Cookies” link on the bottom of the webpage, or in the Settings menu in your mobile app. If you are a United States resident, you can control how we share your data by clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on the bottom of the webpage, or in the Settings menu in your mobile app. Right to Refuse Profiling Profiling is the automated processing of your personal information to evaluate certain aspects of your behavior or personal preferences. This may include creating profiles based on your browsing history or search queries in order to provide you with a personalized shopping experience. You have the right to refuse profiling based solely on automatic processing of your data. Please note that this will affect your shopping experience, and your search results will not be tailored to your preferences and profile. If you wish to opt-out of profiling, you can do so by licking the “Manage Cookies” link on the bottom of the webpage, or in the Settings menu in your mobile app. If you are a United States resident, click the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on the bottom of the webpage, or in the Settings menu in your mobile app. Other Privacy Concerns If you want to report a privacy concern, lodge a complaint related to data protection, or exercise data rights specific to your jurisdiction, you can do so through our Request Center . You can also reach us via email at privacy@sheingroup.com . Please note that this email account is to receive and answer legal and privacy related inquiries only. For order, product or account related inquiries, please read our “FAQs” or contact our Customer Care Center to speak to an agent for further assistance. COMPANY INFO About SHEIN Sustainability Fashion Blogger Supply Chain Careers Student Discount #SHEIN101 HELP & SUPPORT Shipping Info Returns Refund How To Order How To Track Size Guide SHEIN VIP Sell on Shein CUSTOMER CARE Contact us Payment & Tax Bonus Point FIND US ON DOWNLOAD SHEIN APP TO SAVE MORE! Sign up for SheIn style news Please agree to our Privacy & Cookie Policy. Subscribe US + 1 Canada + 1 United States + 1 Please agree to our Privacy & Cookie Policy. By clicking the SUBSCRIBE button, you are agreeing to our Privacy & Cookie Policy If you want to unsubsribe the marketing email, please proceed to our privacy center . Subscribe WE ACCEPT ©2009-2023 SHEIN All Rights Reserved Privacy Center Privacy & Cookie Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Terms & Conditions IP Notice Accessibility Imprint Ad Choice United States By clicking the button, you will be redirected to UNiDAYS, a third-party student discount platform. Go for Verification WhatsApp Account Bind Successfull! TURN ON SUBSCRIPTION NOT NOW Cancel OK Get Extra 20% Off! REGISTER I agree to the Privacy & Cookie Policy and Terms & Conditions . SHOP NOW Shipping elsewhere? Visit SHEIN's International Site! Do Not Sell My Personal Information When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow this link. More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Sale of Personal Data Sale of Personal Data Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link. If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Performance Cookies Switch Label label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Switch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Button Performance Cookies Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices CANCEL Add to Board You successfully added these products to Board ! View Verifying Verification Succeeded Timed out Retry undefined