Privacy Policy | Weather Underground Skip to Main Content _ Sensor Network Maps & Radar Severe Weather News & Blogs Mobile Apps More Search close gps_fixed gps_fixed Find Nearest Station Manage Favorite Cities Log in | Join settings account_box Log in person_add Join settings Settings Sensor Network Maps & Radar Severe Weather News & Blogs Mobile Apps Historical Weather star Current Weather for Popular Cities San Francisco, CA 59 ° F Sunny Manhattan, NY 47 ° F Sunny Schiller Park, IL (60176) warning 52 ° F Cloudy Boston, MA warning 44 ° F Sunny Houston, TX 81 ° F Partly Cloudy St James's, England, United Kingdom 51 ° F Cloudy Privacy Policy Thank you for using our services. This privacy policy is effective as of January 1, 2023. The previous version of this Privacy Policy is available here. TWC Product and Technology, LLC, doing business as The Weather Company, an IBM Business, the provider of the Weather Underground service, (sometimes, "we" or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy is important, and we encourage you to carefully read it. This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect, use, and share data that we gather related to your interaction with (1) www.wunderground.com © (the Site), (2) the Weather Underground © mobile application, and (3) any other of our software applications, mobile applications, and other websites and services that reference or link to this Privacy Policy (together, the "Services"). The Services do not include websites, mobile applications, or other services that link to another privacy policy. This Privacy Policy also describes the choices you have regarding our use of your data and your ability to access, correct, or delete your data. By using the Services, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy and agree to the data collection, use, and sharing described in this policy. We may seek your consent by other means such as by asking you to click on a button or to change a setting. Where we do so, we will also offer you a way to revoke your consent. Why and How We Collect and Use Personal Data and Other Information Data Collection Technologies and Consumer Choice How We Share or Disclose Your Information with Vendors Other Limitations on Privacy Retention Period Data Rights Minors' Privacy International Transfers Our Commitment to Security Changes to the Privacy Policy How to Contact Us California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) Notice Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Notice Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGPD) Notice Why and How We Collect and Use Personal Data and Other Information In order to operate the Services and to maximize your experience, we may collect and use information, some of which may be considered personal data. Additionally, we use your personal data in order to: Facilitate your access to and use of the Services, including personalizing the Services, features and content; Analyze and measure how you use the Services; Deliver personalized advertising and measure the effectiveness of advertisements; Manage Services’ operations; Help diagnose technical problems; Recognize repeat visitors; Provide location-based services (see Section 1.D. below for further details); and Provide alerts and notifications. Please note that you may choose not to provide us with certain information; by doing so, however, you may not be able to receive the full range of Services from us. We collect information in the following ways: User Account and Weather Stations Registration. When you choose to register an account, you will be required to provide your e-mail address. You may also register a weather station using your name and location of the station. If we can use information, alone or in combination, to reasonably identify you as an individual, we treat the information as personal data. Information Provided by You. You may choose to provide us with information, some of which may be personal data, when you interact with the Services in the following ways: Send us an email message or complete an inquiry form — for example, you might email us for customer support (see Section 11 ) or to initiate a data rights request (see Section 6 ), and we will only use your email address to respond; Submit a comment, leave feedback, or send us a photo or video — for example, you might submit a photo of a weather event that we may post on the Services so others can enjoy it. Special Note about Content Submissions. The Services may from time to time offer areas where you and other users can post or otherwise submit information, photos, videos, graphics, creative suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, information, ratings or other materials on or to the Services (collectively, "Submissions"). Any geolocation information, tags, or other metadata in Submissions may become publicly available. Any information, including personal data, in your Submissions can be read, collected, or used by others. We cannot control and are not responsible for how others may use the information contained in your Submissions; Interact with the Services — we may collect information you provide when you interact with content available on our Services; for example, you might set a “home” location so that every time you visit the Services, you are automatically displayed the weather for that home location, or you may choose to interact with optional polls or surveys; and we may use that information to personalize the Services you visit, analyze and measure how you use the Services, deliver personalized advertising and measure the effectiveness of advertisements; and Engage with interactive advertising — we may receive the information you provide when you submit oral or written questions or comments via the interactive ads that are placed on the Services or on third-party platforms; and we may share this information with our advertisers where required by applicable law. Automatic Collection. We also collect certain information through automated means. Some of the information we collect through automated means may, whether alone or combined with other data, be personal data. For example, we automatically collect: Information about your device and device capabilities; Information about your device operating system; Information about your browser; Information about how you use and interact with the Services; Your activities on the Services; IP address; Advertising identifiers; Mobile or Internet Carrier; Browser type; Browser identifier; and Referring URL. Location Information. We may collect location information to provide you with location-based services (such as severe weather alerts, air quality, and other weather information), and conduct analytics to improve the Services. We may also use the collected location information to show you content (including advertisements) that are relevant to your geographic location. The type of location information we collect depends on your settings in the device you use to access the Services. Web/Mobile Web Use of Location Information – If you are accessing the Services through the Site, including via your mobile web browser, we may detect your general location based on your device’s IP address information, so that we can automatically show you the weather for your approximated area. Depending on browser type and configuration, your browser may inform you that the Site would like to collect your specific location and request your permission to do so. Specific location may consist of the precise geographic location. If the collection is allowed on mobile web, it may be derived from the Global Positioning System (GPS). If you do not consent to the collection of specific location, or your browser blocks the collection by default, only your general location information is then collected and may be stored locally on your device. You can always manually enter a location (such as city, postal code, and country). If you opt out of sharing your current location, you may continue to receive content, including advertisements, that is contextual to the latest location you have searched (i.e., “contextual location”) Mobile App Use of Location Information - If you access the Services on your mobile device and consent to sharing location information with our mobile application, we may directly collect precise geographic location information and sensor data via Global Positioning System (GPS), cellular network information, and other location-based features. We typically receive the latitude and longitude of your mobile device, as well as date and time and sensor data such as altimeter. Factors such as device and operating system determine the accuracy of this latitude and longitude and how closely it corresponds with your device’s location. If you allow the Weather Underground mobile application to directly collect location information while the mobile application is running in the background, you will enable continuous location collection. This may allow us to send you severe weather alerts for the area in which you might be traveling, in addition to other Services. You can turn off direct location collection (or, on some operating systems, continuous direct location collection) through your device settings or by deleting the mobile application from your device. If you turn off location-based services, you may continue using the Services by manually entering a location into the search bar. When you disable direct location collection, you may continue to receive alerts and advertisements based on your contextual location. Contextual location for mobile apps is an approximated location derived from the latest location stored by the Services (e.g., last searched location), prior to turning off direct location collection. Data Vendor Use of Location Information - Our service providers, and Advertising and Analytics Vendors (see Section 2 for more information) may also collect location information through the Services. We may share the location information we collect with third parties as addressed in Section 3 . Alerts and Notifications. Certain Services offer you the ability to receive push notifications for weather-related or product updates, news stories, and special offers. To provide these Services, we may need to collect your device information and/or mobile carrier information, in addition to the postcode or geographic area to which the alert, update, or notification pertains. If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications, you may opt out by turning them off within the settings of your mobile device or the particular Service for which you registered, or by deleting the application. Information from Analytics and Advertising Vendors and Advertisers. Where legally permissible, we may obtain information about you or your use of the Services from Analytics and Advertising Vendors (see Section 2 ) and advertisers. We may combine the information you provide us and information we automatically collect with information from public or third-party sources. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personal data that we collect through the Services, we will treat the combined information as personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data Collection Technologies and Consumer Choice We and third parties acting on our behalf, or on behalf of advertisers or vendors, use various technologies that help us to manage the operations of our Services and track usage behavior. These technologies enable us to tailor information and advertisements to make your visits more meaningful and to offer accurate forecast data to everyone, everywhere, free of charge. We follow the self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA"), the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada ("DAAC"), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance ("EDAA"). We work with a variety of advertising services that use various technologies to collect data about your use of the Services (such as content viewed or ads clicked on) on our behalf or on behalf of advertisers (Advertising Vendors) in order to serve relevant ads. Advertising Vendors use various technologies on the Services to (among other purposes): track how the Services are used, what pages or content users interact with, and what sites or mobile applications users interact with after they leave the Services; link users' devices (i.e., cross-device or cross-platform tracking); and serve more relevant ads on and within the Services or other websites or mobile applications that you visit. Advertising Vendors may combine this data with other information they may have obtained from you or from other sources that is unrelated to your use of the Services in order to target and measure the effectiveness of advertisements. More information about this type of advertising that is tailored to your likely interests based on your activities across other apps or websites (“personalized advertising”) is available from the Network Advertising Initiative's website . We also work with certain entities that use data collection technologies to track, analyze, and report data about the use of the Services and to analyze and optimize the performance of the Services ("Analytics Vendors"). Information collected via the data collection technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you such as location information and may be considered personal data. We and our vendors may use the technologies described in this section, alone or in combination, to understand user behavior, target and measure the effectiveness of advertisements, help diagnose problems, recognize repeat visitors, and facilitate your access to and use of the Services. Use of Cookies, Web Beacons, and Information Saved by Other Technologies Third parties may use cookies and other technologies through use of our Services to support or deliver personalized advertising on third-party websites and online services. The data collection technologies we and third parties use on web include but are not limited to: Cookies: Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website and stored within your browser. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit to that website or to another website that recognizes those cookies. Some cookies on our Services collect IP and MAC addresses, which may be considered personal data in some jurisdictions. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user's device. For more information, please visit this “All About Cookies” guide. The cookies used on this website can be categorized in the following ways: Category 1: Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are essential in order to enable you to use the Services and its features. Category 2: Performance Cookies These cookies collect information about how you use the Services (such as which pages you go to most often and if you receive error messages). In general, these cookies do not collect information that directly identifies you. However, some such cookies may collect GeoIP or other identifiers that may be considered personal data in some jurisdictions. Category 3: Functionality Cookies These cookies allow Services to remember choices you make (such as language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced features (such as local weather reports or traffic news). These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to customize the Services. Category 4: Targeting Cookies These cookies collect several pieces of information about your browsing habits. They are often placed by advertising networks rather than website operators. They collect information about your interactions over time with the Services as well as with third-party websites and online services. This information may be shared with other organizations such as advertisers in order to provide you with advertisements that may be more relevant to you based on your inferred interests. Category 5: Social Network Cookies These cookies are generally generated by content embeds. They allow social network users to share content and use other features such as publishing comments. Web beacons: Certain pages on the Services contain web beacons also known as web bugs, pixel tags, or clear GIFs. Web beacons allow third parties to obtain information, such as the IP address of the computer that accessed the page on which the web beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the web beacon appears, the time the page containing the web beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies sent by the third party. Web Storage: We use local storage, to enhance user experience by, for example, storing your user preferences and settings (e.g., volume/mute) in connection with animated content on the Services. Local storage is similar to browser cookies but can store data more complex than simple text. By itself, local storage cannot do anything to or with the data stored on your device. Use of Advertising Identifiers We and our Advertising Vendors may collect information about usage of mobile applications via advertising identifiers to support or deliver personalized advertising. An advertising identifier is a randomly generated alphanumeric code associated with a user's device. Advertising identifiers provide advertisers a way to identify a user's device without using a permanent device identifier, such as serial number. Your Choices Around Cookies, Advertising Identifiers, and Other Technologies Used by Vendors You have the ability to control how your data is used, including for personalized advertising, in the following ways: Vendors: This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of our vendors outside of our Services and we do not control our vendors’ technologies. We provide links to more information about our vendors’ privacy practices and any available opt outs here . Browser settings: Your web browser may allow you to manage your cookies and local storage to control access to data about your online activity. We encourage you to check your browser’s “Help” feature to learn how to block, disable, and delete cookies. Please note that for technical reasons, if you delete or block certain cookies, some features of the site may be unavailable or may not function as intended. For more information, please visit this “All About Cookies” guide on managing cookies. Device settings: The Android and iOS versions 6 to 13 mobile device operating systems allow you to control how your device’s advertising identifier is used to support or deliver personalized advertising. The iOS versions 14 and above mobile device operating systems allow you to control use of the advertising identifier and “tracking;” learn about tracking from Apple at Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Learn More Android device settings (version 2.3 and above): “Opt out of Ads Personalization” by following the instructions provided by Google here . iOS device settings (versions 6 to 13): “Limit Ad Tracking” at Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad Tracking iOS device settings (versions 14 and above): “Tracking” permissions at Settings > Privacy > Tracking The opt outs described above are device- or browser-specific and may not be available for all devices. So, if you opt out on your mobile device, you may continue to receive personalized advertising on your desktop computer or other devices. If you choose to opt out, you will still see ads, but the ads will not be based on your activities across other apps and websites you use. You can also opt out of future information collection from the Services by adjusting the settings on your device, ceasing use of the Service on web, or un-installing the relevant mobile application. Industry Group Opt-Outs: Some industry organizations offer centralized tools where you can opt out of the use of your data by multiple vendors at once. For more information about Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) opt-out tools to assist you in managing choices for participating companies that use cookies, visit the following sites: The DAA’s opt-out page The Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada's (DAAC’s) opt-out page One of the EDAA’s country-specific opt-out page The NAI’s opt-out page Also, the DAA offers AppChoices, a separate choice tool for users to exercise control over the collection and use of data through mobile applications for personalized advertising and other related uses. To exercise choice for participating companies, you can install the DAA's AppChoices application on your mobile device. Visit here for more information on DAA's AppChoices tool. Information collected via the data collection technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you such as location information and may be considered personal data. We and vendors may use the technologies described in this section, alone or in combination, to understand user behavior, target and measure the effectiveness of advertisements, help diagnose problems, recognize repeat visitors, and facilitate your access to and use of the Services. Do Not Track: Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals, and in general the signal has yet to gain widespread acceptance. As a result, we will not recognize requests coming through as DNT signals. We, however, do recognize and honor Global Privacy Control. How We Share or Disclose Your Information with Vendors We may also share any information collected from the Services including aggregated or statistical data that we may generate from such information in the following ways: Service Providers. When your data is collected on the Services, it may be shared with select Analytics Vendors and Advertising Vendors that assist us with marketing or advertising campaigns for our brands, and providers of services that assist us with our business operations, with the provision of the Services, or in delivering you the features and functionality that you have requested ("Technology Vendors"). These service providers include companies that support our advertising programs for our brands, provide data storage, support customer service, assist with audience research and product development, facilitate or deliver materials to you, and provide map content for the Services. Our service providers are authorized to use the data that we provide to them only to carry out and improve the service they are providing for us. All such service providers are contractually bound by us to keep the data confidential. Companies Offering Promotions, Products, or Services. At times, we will provide you with the opportunity to choose to receive promotions, products, or services from third-party sponsors. We also may provide you with the opportunity to receive products and services directly from specifically identified third parties through the Services. In these instances, you must explicitly consent to receive each offer. When you choose to receive offers from specific third parties, your information is shared with them to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested. We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third parties, and all information provided is governed by their privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of these third parties before supplying personal data to them. Other Websites, Other Services, Plug-Ins, and Links. Like many websites on the Internet and other Internet-based services, the Services may link to webpages located on websites or services maintained by various other entities. In some cases, you may navigate to pages of other websites that are framed with elements of the Services such as in the header or footer or an interactive ad. In that case, the URL or prominent text on the other website will identify the site you are visiting. In other cases, such as advertisements, you will be connecting to another site or service when you click on or otherwise activate those opportunities, including click-to-call, click-to-text, and click-to-e-mail opportunities. These other sites and services are not bound by our Privacy Policy, and we are not responsible for their information collection practices. The privacy policies of other organizations may differ from ours, for example, with respect to the level of security, use of cookies, and collection, use and disclosure of personal data. Some of the Services allow users to interact with other websites or services. You may remain logged into those other sites and services until you log off. Your use of those other sites and services is subject to the privacy policies of those sites and services, and not this Privacy Policy. Some of the Services use third-party operating systems, platforms, communication services, devices, and software elements (such as mobile device operating systems, wireless services, mobile phone, and tablet devices), and some of the Services are provided by third-party distributors, device makers, device operators, platform operators, and communication services. We do not control these third-party entities, products, and services, and they may collect, use, process, transmit, and disclose your information. As we do not control these third-parties' data handling practices, we recommend that you review their privacy policies, terms of use, and license agreements (if any). Advertising Vendors. We may share information we collect with Advertising Vendors, including those used by our advertisers, so that they can: (i) deliver and/or support the delivery of relevant content or ads on our websites or apps, advertisers’ websites or apps, or other third-party websites or apps; (ii) analyze and report on content or ads users see or interact with, and; (iii) improve their services. Advertising Vendors may also collect information via the technologies discussed in Section 2 above or via interactive ads. The information may include data about how users interact with the Services, information users provide via interactive ads, the content and ads users have viewed, users' activities on other websites and online services, and physical places users have visited. Purchase or Sale of Businesses. We continually look for ways to improve our business, including purchasing a business or selling all or part of our business. If we buy, merge, reorganize or sell any business or assets, personal data and non-personal information will likely be disclosed or transferred as part of the transaction. Aggregated Information. As part of the Services, we may aggregate or otherwise alter information (including location information) that is collected from the Services so that it does not identify your device and cannot reasonably be linked to your device. We may use or share such information with third parties for research or commercial purposes (e.g., analyzing trends based on foot traffic). As explained in Section 1.D. above, you can turn off the collection of location data through your device settings. Personal Weather Station data. If you contribute to the Weather Underground community by sharing your Personal Weather Station (PWS) sensor information, then data from your sensor may be shared for commercial purposes, including sensor location, per your acceptance during PWS registration. Other Limitations on Privacy We, our affiliates, or our service providers may disclose your data without your permission (i) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders or otherwise to comply with law; (ii) where we believe an individual's rights, property, or safety or security is at risk; (iii) if we find that your actions violate our Terms of Use or any of our other legal rights; or (iv) where otherwise required or permitted by applicable law (which may include a lawful access request by U.S. or foreign courts, governments, or law enforcement agencies). Retention Period We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide and develop the Services. We will also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We may retain information that no longer identifies you indefinitely. Data Rights You can request to access, obtain a portable copy of, correct, or delete data related to your stored preferences and your use of the Services. Please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before you can make a request. Because we do not require users to register in order to use our Services, if you use more than one of our Services, or if you use our Services on more than one device or web browser, you will need to manage your data for each of the Services separately. If you have a registered account and are logged in to your account at the time of the request, we will be able to retrieve data related to your use of the Services while you were logged in. To manage your Data Rights on wunderground.com, click here . To manage your Data Rights on the iOS or Android app, navigate to Data Rights in the app menu. Please note that following a deletion request, we will resume collecting personal data if you continue your use of the Services, and your personal data will also enable us to personalize the Services you visit and the ads that are placed on the Services. As permitted by law or to provide our Services, we do not delete data we use to: Complete transactions requiring data such as billing information or transaction histories; Respond to customer support inquiries; Detect and prevent security incidents, identify, and repair errors that impair functionality of our Services (e.g., log files, error diagnostics); and Comply with legal obligations. Note to registered users and subscribers: At this time, we cannot delete data directly associated with your account without deleting your account. If you wish to correct information related to your account or delete your account and all data associated with it, please click here . In the event that you consider our processing of data related to your use of the Services not to be compliant with the applicable data protection laws, you can contact us at privacy@weather.com or lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority. If you are a California user, you can contact us at californiaprivacy@weather.com . Minors' Privacy We are committed to protecting the safety and privacy of young people using the Internet. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under age 18. We believe that children should get their parents' or guardians' consent before giving out any personal data. If you become aware that we have collected personal data from a child without parental consent, please notify us promptly at privacy@weather.com . If we become aware that a child under age 18 has provided us with personal data without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such personal data. International Transfers The Services are hosted on servers inside and outside the United States. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, information that we collect (including through cookies) will be processed and stored in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the data protection and privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen. Subject to applicable law, by using our Services and providing information to use, you consent to the transfer to and processing of information in the United States and other jurisdictions. Where necessary under applicable law, we may employ appropriate cross-border transfer methods governing personal data. Our Commitment to Security We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures intended to protect your data. Of course, we cannot guarantee that your communications with the Services will never be unlawfully intercepted or that your data will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties. Any transmission of information is at your own risk. Changes to the Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy as business needs require. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here prior to the time they take effect. If we make material changes to the way we use personal data, we will notify affected users through the Services. How to Contact Us If you have a question related to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@weather.com , or if you are a California user, at californiaprivacy@weather.com , or at: The Weather Company, an IBM business Attn: Privacy Office 1001 Summit Boulevard, Floor 20 Brookhaven, GA, USA 30319 California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) Notice The California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("CPRA") requires certain disclosures that are covered above in our Privacy Policy. This section provides an overview of the information required by CPRA and how to exercise your CPRA rights. Disclosures about the use of your Personal Information As described in Section 1 of our Privacy Policy, we collect and use certain information, some of which may be considered Personal Information, in order to operate the Services and to maximize your experience. The list below includes the categories of Personal Information that we have collected in the past twelve months from you, collected or derived from your use of the Services, or information we received from our Analytics and Advertising Vendors: Identifiers such as a name or email address; Commercial information relating to your use of the Services; Internet or other electronic network activity information relating to your use of the Services; Geolocation data; Precise geolocation data; and Inferences drawn from the use of the Services. We collect Personal Information in order to: Facilitate your access to and use of the Services, including personalizing the Services, features and content; Analyze and measure how you use the Services; Deliver personalized advertising and measure the effectiveness of advertisements; Manage Services’ operations; Help diagnose technical problems; Recognize repeat visitors; Provide location-based services (see Section 1.D. above for further details); and Provide alerts and notifications. Section 3 of our Privacy Policy describes how we share or disclose your information with vendors. In the past twelve months, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information as defined by the CPRA for our business purposes to our Advertising, Analytics, and Technology Vendors: Identifiers such as an online identifier or IP address; Commercial information relating to your use of the Services; Internet or other electronic network activity information relating to your use of the Services; Geolocation data; and Precise geolocation data. We have disclosed the above categories of Personal Information for the following purposes: Facilitate your access to and use of the Services, including personalizing the Services, features, and content; Analyze and measure how you use the Services; Deliver personalized advertising and measure the effectiveness of advertisements; Manage Services’ operations; Help diagnose technical problems; Recognize repeat visitors; Provide location-based services (see Section Section 1.D. above for further details); and Provide alerts and notifications. In addition, in the past twelve months, to deliver personalized content and marketing communications, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information as defined by the CPRA for our business purposes to our Advertising and Analytics Vendors : Identifiers such as first name or email; and Inferences drawn from the use of the Services. Note that if you have registered an account with us, in order to provide you with the registered account , in the past twelve months, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information as defined by the CPRA for our business purposes to our Technology Vendors : Identifiers such as email address. The CPRA defines the terms "sell" and "sale" broadly to include the sharing of Personal Information with third parties for something of value, even if no money is exchanged. We do not sell users’ Personal Information as the term “sell” is commonly understood. However, we do allow Advertising Vendors to use your Personal Information for certain purposes other than providing and improving advertising services for our apps and websites (described in Section 3.D. of our Privacy Policy), which is considered a sale under CPRA. This is the only way that we sell Personal Information under the CPRA, and we do not engage in any other sales of Personal Information under the CPRA. The CPRA also defines “share” and “sharing” to specifically mean the sharing of Personal Information with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising. In the past twelve months, to deliver personalized advertising and measure the effectiveness of advertisements, we have sold or shared the following categories of Personal Information as defined by the CPRA to our Advertising Vendors : Identifiers such as an online identifier or IP address; Commercial information relating to your use of the Services; Internet or other electronic network activity information relating to your use of the Services; Geolocation data; Precise geolocation data; and Inferences. Information on how you can opt out of the sale to or sharing of your information with these vendors for purposes beyond the advertising services they provide us is provided below (“Opt out of sale or sharing of your Personal Information”). You also can opt out of the sale or sharing of your information for personalized advertising through the available web- and app-related opt-outs listed above in Section 2.C . As described in Section 7 of our Privacy Policy, we do not knowingly sell or share Personal Information from children under 16 years of age. Some data vendors may control the collection of Personal Information on this Site and on our Services. Our Data Vendors page provides more details. Data Rights Under the CPRA, you have the right to: Know your Personal Information . You can request information about the Personal Information collected from your use of the Services. You will need to provide your email address so we can return the requested data to you. Please note that you must make the request from each browser or device where you access the Services, unless you are logged in to your registered account at the time of the request. To request specific pieces of information on www.wunderground.com, click here and select “Request a Portable Copy of Data” from the options. To request specific pieces of information on the iOS or Android app, navigate to “Data Rights” under “Settings” in the app menu and select “Request a Portable Copy of Data” from the options. Alternatively, you may email californiaprivacy@weather.com for further instructions. Please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before you can make a request to know your Personal Information. We may leverage your device’s security settings, require you to reauthenticate with your log in credentials if you are a logged in registered user, or provide us with your email address or a signed declaration with your device identifiers. Delete your Personal Information. You can request that we delete the Personal Information that we have collected from your use of the Services. You will need to provide your email address so we can confirm to you that we have fulfilled your request, unless you are logged in to your registered account at the time of the request. Please note that you must make the request from each browser or device where you access the Services, unless you are logged in to your registered account at the time of the request. We will delete your information unless it is necessary for purposes permitted by CPRA. To make a deletion request on www.wunderground.com, click here and select “Delete Data” from the options. To make a deletion request on the iOS or Android app, navigate to “Data Rights” under “Settings” in the app menu and select “Delete Data” from the options. Alternatively, you may email californiaprivacy@weather.com for further instructions. Please note that following a deletion request, we will resume collecting Personal Information if you continue your use of the Services, and your Personal Information will also enable us to personalize the Services you visit and the ads that are placed on the Services. Please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before you can make a request to delete your Personal Information and may require you to reauthenticate using your log in credentials if you are a logged in registered user, or a signed declaration with your device identifiers. Correct your Personal Information. You can update certain information related to your stored preferences and your use of the Services. For instructions on how to correct certain data yourself on wunderground.com, click here and select “How to Correct Data” from the options. For instructions on how to correct certain data yourself on iOS or Android mobile applications, navigate to “Data Rights” under “Settings” in the app menu and select “How to Correct Data” from the options. If you would like to make further corrections, you can request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information that we have collected from your use of the Services. You may email californiaprivacy@weather.com for further instructions. Please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before you can make a request to correct your Personal Information and may require a signed declaration with your device identifiers to correct certain data elements. Opt out of sale or sharing of your Personal Information. You will be opted in by default to the sale or sharing of Personal Information. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of Personal Information at any time in the following ways. If you are a registered user, your opt out selection will be associated to your registered account and will follow you across browsers when logged in. If you do not have an account or are using the Services without logging into your account, you will have to opt out from each browser or device where you access the Services. Note that if you are traveling outside of California, you may see the option to “Opt Out of Targeted Advertising” displayed instead of “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.” While we use different wording outside of California, functionalities remain the same so opting out of targeted advertising will also opt you out of sale or sharing. Web - You can access the "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" link in the footer of the website, if you are located in California when you access the Services. - You can access the "Review my Advertising Settings" link in the footer of the website, if you are not located in California when you access the Services. - Click here to be taken directly to the Privacy Settings page for your current location. - Alternatively, you may use Global Privacy Control browser signals to opt out. App - You can go to “Privacy Settings” under “Settings” then select “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information (Opt Out)” under “California Consumer Privacy Act (CPRA) Right to Opt Out,” if you are located in California when you access the Services. - You can go to "Privacy Settings" under "Settings" if you are not located in California when you access the Services. Alternatively, you may also email californiaprivacy@weather.com for further instructions. We recognize and honor Global Privacy Control (GPC) and will treat it as an opt-out preference signal. The signal will apply to your browser and will take precedence over any previously provided choice on the Site or our Services. If you have a registered account, your GPC signal will be associated to your account as an “opted-out” selection. Limit Use of your Sensitive Personal Information. We do not generate profiles based on your Sensitive Personal Information. Non-discrimination. If you choose to exercise any of these rights, we will not deny goods or services to you or provide different quality of services, unless that difference is reasonably related to the value provided by your data. Authorized Agent. You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CPRA on your behalf. Authorized agents may email californiaprivacy@weather.com for further instructions. To protect your information, please note that we may take steps to verify your identity and we will also ask for a signed permission from you authorizing the authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. You may email californiaprivacy@weather.com for questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy and practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, sale, sharing, and retention of Personal Information. Our U.S. Privacy Policy was last updated January 1, 2023 Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA) Notice The Virginia Consumer Data Privacy Act (VCDPA) requires certain disclosures that are covered above in our Privacy Policy. This section provides an overview of the information required by VCDPA and how Virginia residents may exercise their rights. Disclosures about the use of your Personal Data As described in Section 1 of our Privacy Policy, we collect and use certain information, some of which may be personal data, in order to operate the Services and to maximize your experience. Additionally, we use your personal data in order to: Facilitate your access to and use of the Services, including personalizing the Services, features and content; Analyze and measure how you use the Services; Deliver personalized advertising and measure the effectiveness of advertisements; Manage Services’ operations; Help diagnose technical problems; Recognize repeat visitors; Provide location-based services (see Section 1.D. above for further details); and above for further details); and Provide alerts and notifications. The list below includes the categories of personal data that we will collect about you if you use our Services. Identifiers such as a name or email address; Commercial information relating to your use of the Services; Internet or other electronic network activity information relating to your use of the Services; Geolocation data; and Inferences drawn from the use of the Services. Section 3 of our Privacy Policy describes how we share or disclose your information with vendors. In the past twelve months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal data for our business purposes to our Advertising, Analytics and Technology Vendors: Identifiers such as an online identifier or IP address; Commercial information relating to your use of the Services; Internet or other electronic network activity information relating to your use of the Services; and Geolocation data. In the past twelve months, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for our business purposes to our Advertising and Analytics Vendors: Identifiers such as first name or email address; and Inferences. If you have registered an account with us, in the past twelve months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal data for our business purposes to our Technology Vendors. Identifiers such as a name or email address. Data Rights Section 6. of our Privacy Policy describes the Data Rights we offer to all users and how to execute these rights. This includes the right to access your data, obtain a portable copy of your data, correct data, or delete data related to your stored preferences and your use of the Services. We may require information to authenticate your identity. Additionally, VCDPA provides Virginia residents with these data rights: Opt out of the Processing of your Personal Data for Targeted Advertising. Web - You can access the "Review My Advertising Settings" link in the footer of the website, if you are located in the U.S. (outside of California) when you access the Services. - You can access the "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in the footer of the website, if you are located in California when you access the Services. App - You can go to “Privacy Settings” under “Settings” then follow the instructions for opting out of targeted advertising. - If you are a Virginia resident traveling in California, you may see a “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link instead of references to targeted advertising. While we use different wording outside of Virginia, functionalities remain the same so this link will also opt you out of targeted advertising. Please note that we do not process personal data for purposes of (1) the sale of personal data, as defined by the VCDPA, or (2) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Correct Inaccuracies in your Personal Data. Web - For instructions on how to correct certain data yourself on wunderground.com, click here and select “How to Correct Data” from the options. App - For instructions on how to correct certain data yourself on iOS or Android mobile applications, navigate to “Data Rights” under “Settings” in the app menu and select “How to Correct Data” from the options. You may email privacy@weather.com for further instructions or if you would like to make additional corrections. Confirm whether your Personal Data is being Processed. As described in Section 6 of our Privacy Policy, you may confirm whether your personal data is being processed by submitting a right to obtain a portable copy of your data request. Alternatively, you may email us at privacy@weather.com Appeal a Case with regard to your Request. In the case where we declined to take action on your data rights request or have rejected your request, you may contact us at privacy@weather.com within 45 days after we notify you of a rejected request, to initiate an appeal of this decision. Once we receive your appeal, we will notify you in writing within 60 days of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Office of the Virginia Attorney General by these means: Office of the Attorney General | Virginia.gov www.virginia.gov/agencies/office-of-the-attorney-general/#vagov 202 North Ninth Street Richmond, VA 23219 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Notice Please note that for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR"), the data controller is TWC Product and Technology, LLC, doing business as The Weather Company, an IBM Business, which may be contacted at the email or address listed in Section 11 How to Contact Us . The data controller's legal representative for the European Economic Area (EEA) is IBM International Group B.V., Johan Huizingalaan 765, 1066 VH Amsterdam, The Netherlands; the representative for the United Kingdom is IBM United Kingdom Limited, PO Box 41, North Harbour, Portsmouth, Hampshire, PO6 3AU, United Kingdom. The relevant Data Protection Officer may be contacted at privacy@weather.com . Please be aware that where GDPR applies you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority. The name and contact details of the Data Protection Authorities in the European Union can be found here . European Union Minors' Privacy: Where GDPR applies, we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under age 16 (or such lower age permitted under applicable local law not being lower than age 13). International Transfer: If you are located where GDPR applies, information that we collect (including through cookies) will be processed and stored in the United States. The appropriate cross-border transfer method governing personal data included in such transfers is the EU Standard Contractual Clauses agreement pursuant to EC Decision 2010/87/EU. Intra-company international data transfers are governed via IBM’s Binding Corporate Rules (IBM BCR-C) and/or Intra-Company Agreements (ICAs). Processing Basis: Our processing of your personal data in order to provide you with the Services will typically be based on one of the following processing bases: (i) because you have provided us with your specific, informed, freely-given, and unambiguous consent, (ii) because we need to process it in order to provide you with the Services or a particular feature of the Services; that is, because we cannot readily fulfil your request without performing the relevant processing, or (iii) because the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued either by us or by a third party and such legitimate interests are not overridden by your privacy and related rights as an individual. Our legitimate interests include the provision of market-leading weather- related products and services, including the Services. Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGPD) Notice The Lei 13.709/ 2018 (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais, “LGPD”) requires certain disclosures that already are covered in our Privacy Policy. In addition, please note that for the purposes of LGPD, the data controller is TWC Product and Technology, LLC, doing business as The Weather Company, an IBM Business, which may be contacted at the email or address listed in Section 11 How to Contact Us . The relevant Data Protection Officer may be contacted at privacy@weather.com . Data rights: Under LGPD, you can request to access your personal data, receive confirmation of the existence of processing and be able to request to receive confirmation about the private and public entities with whom the controller shares the data, and obtain a portable copy of your data. These rights will be fulfilled when you choose to Request a Portable Copy of Data. You also have the right to object to the processing when data is processed unlawfully and to request correction, anonymization, blocking and deletion of unnecessary, excessive data or data processed unlawfully related to your stored preferences and your use of the Services. These rights will be fulfilled when you choose to Delete Data. You can exercise your data rights on www.wunderground.com by clicking here and on the iOS or Android app by navigating to “Data Rights” under “Settings” in the app menu. Please note that you must make any requests from each browser or device where you access the Services. International Transfers: If you are located where LGPD applies, information that we collect (including through cookies) will be processed and stored in the United States. The appropriate cross-border transfer method governing personal data included in such transfers is the EU Standard Contractual Clauses agreement pursuant to EC Decision 2010/87/EU. Intra-company international data transfers are governed via IBM’s Binding Corporate Rules (IBM BCR-C) and/or Intra-Company Agreements (ICAs). Processing Basis: Our processing of your personal data in order to provide you with the Services will typically be based on one of the following processing bases (pursuant to Article 7 LGPD): Because you have provided us with your specific, informed, freely-given, and unambiguous consent ; or, Because the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued either by us or by a third party and such legitimate interests are not overridden by your privacy and related rights as an individual. Our legitimate interests include the provision of market-leading weather-related products and services, including the Services. Our Apps About Us Contact Careers PWS Network WunderMap Feedback & Support Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement AdChoices Data Vendors We recognize our responsibility to use data and technology for good. We may use or share your data with our data vendors. Take control of your data. Review All Privacy and Ad Settings Choose how my information is shared Data Rights © Copyright TWC Product and Technology LLC 2014, 2023 Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. close Your Privacy See our Privacy Policy to learn about the types of data we
  collect and how we use and share it. We collect data from your browser to personalize your weather and the ads you see. Review Privacy and Advertising Settings