The New York Times Company Privacy Policy  – Help HOME Help | Account | Contact Help Permissions and Policies Policies The New York Times Company Privacy Policy Last Updated on July 6, 2023 At The Times, our mission is to seek the truth and help people understand the world. We want you to understand how we handle your personal information. We also want you to know your rights and choices. This policy describes how we handle your personal information when you use the “Times Services,” listed below: The New York Times newspaper, plus our International Edition Our websites, like nytimes.com Our apps, like the New York Times app and the New York Times Games app Our email newsletters , like Cooking and Morning Briefing Our pages or ads on social media networks, like our Facebook and Instagram pages Anywhere we gather information from you and refer you to this Privacy Policy How we handle information about you depends on which Times Services you use — and how you use them. For example, we use different information about print subscribers than website visitors. Be aware that certain Times Services work differently. Some have additional terms that supplement this policy (e.g., Reader Submissions ) . Others, like The Athletic , refer to a different privacy policy altogether, so this one does not apply in those cases. If you have questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us at privacy@nytimes.com . You can also review our Privacy F.A.Q. What Information Do We Gather about You? 1. (A) Information Collected through Times Services i. Information You Voluntarily Give Us ii. Information Collected Automatically iii. A Note about Sensitive Personal Information 1. (B) Information We Create or Generate 1. (C) Information Collected from Other Sources i. Privately Owned Databases ii. Social Media Platforms and Other Third-Party Services iii. Workplace and Schools What Do We Do With the Information We Collect about You? 2. (A) We Provide the Times Services 2. (B) We Personalize Your Experience 2. (C) We Allow You to Share User-Generated Content 2. (D) We Develop Products and Services, and Do Analysis 2. (E) We Carry Out Administrative Tasks 2. (F) We Offer Sweepstakes, Contests and Other Promotions 2. (G) We Allow for Personalized Advertising on Times Services and Create Audiences for Third-Party Advertisers 2. (H) We Advertise or Market Times Services to You 2. (I) We Aggregate (or De-identify) Personal Information into Larger Findings To Whom Do We Disclose or Share the Information We Gather? 3. (A) Within The New York Times Company 3. (B) With Service Providers 3. (C) With Other Third Parties What Are Your Rights and Choices? 4. (A) In General i. Communications Preferences ii. Access, Correct, Change/Update, Delete or Restrict Processing of Your Personal Information iii. Managing Your Digital and Home Delivery Accounts iv. Browser and Platform Controls v. Other Rights and Choices 4. (B) California Privacy Rights i . Notice at Collection ii. Rights to Know, Correction, and Deletion iii. “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” iv. Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information v. Authorized Agents vi. Non-Discrimination Rights vii. Record of Requests viii. California “Shine the Light” Privacy Rights ix. Removal of Content for California Minors How Long Do You Retain Data? How Do You Protect My Information? Are There Guidelines for Children? How Is Information Transferred Internationally? What Is Our Legal Basis? What about Third-Party Services? How Are Changes to this Privacy Policy Communicated? How Can You Contact Us? Who Is the Controller of Your Personal Information? 1. What Information Do We Gather about You? The information we gather about you depends on the context. By and large, it’s information about you that can personally identify you — either on its own or when combined with other information. The following describes the information we collect and how we obtain it. 1. (A) Information Collected through Times Services. i. Information You Voluntarily Give Us For Registration: When you sign up for a Times Service (e.g., a subscription) , we collect your contact information and account credentials. Once you’re registered, we assign you a unique ID number. This ID number helps us recognize you when you’re signed in. For some Times Services, you can instead sign up by linking your Apple, Facebook or Google account. See Information Collected From Other Sources below. If you register for an event or conference, we might ask for additional information (e.g., your company name, your job title or your dietary restrictions) . For Billing: To process payments or donations, we collect and use your payment information. This can include your name, your address, your telephone number, your email address, your credit or debit card information and any other relevant information. For User-Generated Content: We offer you the ability to post content that other users can read (e.g., comments or recipe reviews) . Anyone can read, collect and use any personal information that accompanies your posts. See the Comments F.A.Q. , or read the User-Generated Content section in our Terms of Service for more information. We do not have to publish any of your content. If the law requires us to take down, remove or edit your personal information, we will comply to the required extent. For Contests, Sweepstakes and Special Offers: When you sign up for these, you give us your name, email and any other required information. For Reader Surveys, Research, Panels and Experience Programs: We gather information through questionnaires, surveys and feedback programs, including demographic information like your age, ethnicity, race, or gender. We also conduct similar research for advertisers. We ask you for your consent to use this information when you participate in these programs and events. During Contact w ith Our Call Centers: We collect information from you when you place an order over the phone or contact customer service through one of our toll-free numbers. This can include your name, contact information and any other information you choose to provide. Personal Contacts Data: We never scan your device for your contacts or upload that data. With your consent, we do comply with your requests to collect data about your friends, family or acquaintances (e.g., Refer a Friend campaigns) . This functionality is only meant for U.S. residents. By using it, you acknowledge and agree that both you and your contacts are based in the United States — and that you have everyone’s consent for us to use their contact information. ii. Information Collected Automatically When you use Times Services, we collect some information automatically. The technologies we use to assist with this data collection include cookies, web beacons, tags and scripts and software development kits (or SDKs). We use these technologies on our digital properties, including our websites and apps, as well as in our email communications and newsletters. For more information about tracking methods on Times Services, and how to manage them, read our Cookie Policy and the What Are Your Rights and Choices? section below. The categories of personal information we collect automatically include: Identifiers and Device Information : When you visit our Services, including our websites, apps, email communications and newsletters, our servers automatically log information about the device you are using, including unique identifiers. If your browser doesn’t accept our cookies or similar technologies, you can’t access certain parts of our websites (e.g., your account on nytimes.com) . The items we log include: Your IP address Cookie identifiers Your operating system and browser (e.g., type, version, and configuration) Your browser language Device identifiers (such as MAC address) Advertising identifiers We combine this data with other information we collect about you. Geolocation Information : Some of our apps can provide content based on your GPS location if you enable this feature. Your GPS location is your precise geolocation, which is considered a type of sensitive personal information. You choose whether to enable GPS features when you first install the app. You can edit that setting on your device at any time. If you enable these features, your GPS location can be found by satellite, cell phone tower or Wi-Fi and used by the app. If you save a location-based search in your history, that data moves to our service provider’s servers — see below for the definition of service provider. If you do not enable GPS location-based services, or if a specific app does not have location-based features, we don’t collect your precise GPS location. We do collect your IP address, which can establish your approximate location. Ads on our sites and apps may be targeted based on this approximate location but are never targeted based on your GPS location. Other Usage Data: We collect certain internet and network activity on our Services, including our websites and apps, such as the URLs of any pages you visit on our sites and apps, the URL of the website from which you came to our sites, how long you spent on a page, access times and other details about your use of and actions on our Services. iii. A N ote about S ensitive P ersonal I nformation We generally don’t want to gather sensitive information about you. This includes: Government-issued IDs (such as your driver’s license, passport or social security number) Your racial or ethnic origin Your political opinions Your religion or other beliefs Your health, biometric or genetic characteristics Any trade union membership Your sexuality (information about your sex life or sexual orientation) Any criminal background The content of your private communications (other than messages you may send to us) However, as discussed above, we sometimes collect precise geolocation information (which may be considered a sensitive data type) to provide GPS-based location services you choose to enable. Also, some laws define account access information, such as a username and password, as sensitive personal information, but we collect that information only for the accounts you create directly with us and not for any other account you may have with a third party. Finally, there are situations when we request certain of the above information (e.g., a reader survey asks about your political leanings or ethnicity ) , but you can decline to answer. Outside those situations we would prefer you never share these types of information with us. 1. (B) Information We Create or Generate. We infer new information from other data we collect, including using automated means to generate information about your likely preferences or other characteristics (“inferences”). 1. (C ) Information Collected f rom Other Sources. i. Privately Owned Databases: Marketing, data analytic and social media-owned databases give us access to a range of information — like public data, survey data and more. This data sometimes includes your mailing address, your gender, your age, your household income and other demographic data. ii. Social Media Platforms and Other Third-Party Services: (Social media platforms include services like Facebook. Third-party services include services like Google and Nook.) You can link your social media or other third-party account to a Times Service. By linking the services, you authorize us to collect, store and use any information they may give us (e.g., your email address) . You can disconnect your nytimes.com registration from third-party accounts at any time. We also receive information from you when you interact with our pages, groups, accounts or posts on social media platforms. This includes aggregate data on our followers (e.g., age, gender and location) , engagement data (e.g., “likes,” comments, shares, reposts and clicks) , awareness data (e.g., number of impressions and reach) and individual users’ public profiles. For more information, refer to our social login and Nook F.A.Q. iii. Workplace and Schools: When your employer or school buys an organization-wide subscription to nytimes.com, they sometimes provide us with your name and organization email address to grant you access as a user. Back to top 2. What Do We Do w ith t he Information We Collect a bout You? We use each of the categories of personal information described above for the following business and commercial purposes. The activities below can involve outside companies, agents or contractors (“service providers”) to whom we disclose your personal information for these purposes (discussed further below in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy). 2. (A) We P rovide the Times Services. We use your information to help you use and navigate Times Services, such as: Making a Times Service available to you Arranging access to your account Providing customer service Responding to your inquiries, requests, suggestions or complaints Completing your payments and transactions Sending service-related messages (e.g., a change in our terms and conditions) Saving your reading list, recipes or property searches Displaying your Games (including Crossword, Wordle, and Spelling Bee) stats Letting you take part in paid services, polls, promotions, surveys, panels, research and comments. 2. (B) We Personalize Your Experience. We track your interests and reading habits (e.g., the articles you read) to personalize your reading experience using technology like algorithmic recommendations and machine learning. This is how we highlight articles you might be interested in and de-emphasize articles you’ve already read. For more information about content personalization on Times Services, you can read the Personalization F.A.Q. We also show you prices, promotions, products or services we believe you’ll find interesting, based on demographic and usage data. 2. (C) We Allow You to Share User-Generated Content. Any information you disclose in your content becomes public — along with your chosen screen name and uploaded photo. 2. (D) We Develop Products and Services, and Do Analysis. We analyze data on our users’ subscriptions, purchases and usage behaviors. This helps us make business and marketing decisions. For example, our analysis, which includes the use of technology like machine learning, lets us predict preferences and price points for our products and services. It helps us determine whether our marketing is successful. It also shows us characteristics about our readers, which we sometimes share in aggregate with advertisers. Google Analytics is one of the analytics providers we use. You can find out how Google Analytics uses data and how to opt out of Google Analytics . 2. (E) We Carry Out Administrative Tasks. For auditing: We verify that our internal processes work as intended and comply with legal, regulatory and contractual requirements. For fraud and security monitoring: We detect and prevent cyberattacks or unauthorized robot activities. For customer satisfaction: We assess users’ satisfaction with Times Services and our customer care team. 2. (F) We Offer Sweepstakes, Contests and Other Promotions. You can take part in our sweepstakes, contests and other promotions. Some might have additional rules about how we use and disclose your personal information. 2. (G) We Allow for Personalized Advertising on Times Services and Create Audiences for Third-Party Advertisers. We gather data and work with third parties to show you personalized ads on behalf of advertisers. This data comes from ad tracking technologies set by us or the third party (e.g., cookies) , the information you provide (e.g., your email address) , your use of Times Services (e.g., your reading history) , information from advertisers or advertising vendors (e.g., demographic data) and anything inferred from any of this information. We only use or share this information in a manner that does not reveal your identity. For example, we use Google to serve ads on Times Services. Google uses cookies or unique device identifiers, in combination with their own data, to show you ads based on your visit to nytimes.com and other sites. You can opt out of the use of the Google cookie by visiting the related Google privacy policy . We also identify groups of users to whom to serve personalized ads on behalf of our advertisers. To do this, we combine information we collect through surveys or registration with information we collect automatically using tracking technologies while you browse our sites and apps. This combined information is used to build models. These data models are then used to measure users’ attributes, like their demographic information or their interests. Working with service providers, we use these measurements to group users by common attributes. Each group is associated with a random ID which is then passed to our ad server for use in targeting ad campaigns on our sites and apps. Another example is our affiliate link vendors, which we use in our guides and product recommendations. Times Services include links that will send you to vendor URLs and other services not operated or controlled by us. These vendors use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your navigation from the Times Services to the merchant you are visiting. If you buy a product after following a link to a link vendor’s URL, we may earn a commission. Additional N otes: For more about targeted advertising, and how to opt out with your specific browser and device, go to the DAA Webchoices Browser Check and NAI Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising . You can download the AppChoices app to opt out in mobile apps. You can also follow the instructions in the What Are Your Rights and Choices? section below. We try to limit how our third-party advertising technology vendors use the information they gather from you. Many of these providers require us to enter into contracts that allow them to optimize their own services and products, or that help them create their own. Essentially, these providers combine any information they gather about you through Times Services with information they receive from their other clients. This helps them target ads to you on behalf of their other clients, not just us. These third parties sometimes use other services in order to serve ads; check their privacy policies for more details . For further information on tracking technologies and your rights and choices regarding them, see the applicable Cookie Policy . As described in more detail below, California residents have the right to instruct us not to “sell” or “share” their personal information. Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia have the right to opt out of “targeted advertising” and "sales" (as defined under applicable law). For more information, please see the What Are Your Rights and Choices? section below. 2. (H) We Advertise or Market Times Services to You. We market our Times Services to you. Sometimes we use marketing vendors to do this. We serve ads through websites, locations, platforms and services operated and owned by third parties. Often these ads are targeted at people who have visited or registered for a Times Service but have not subscribed to or purchased anything. The ads are also targeted at people with similar traits or behaviors to our subscribers or customers. We target our advertising to these users by uploading an encrypted customer list to a third party, or by incorporating a tracking technology from a third party onto our Times Service. The third party then matches individuals who appear in both our data and their data. Because of how this matching process works, the third party can’t read our encrypted customer list if they don’t already have it. We will also opt you out of such matched ads if you are a California resident and you exercise your right not to have your personal information “sold,” as discussed further below . To opt out of receiving these matched ads, contact the applicable third parties . For example, when we use “Custom Audiences” to serve you our ad through Facebook, you should be able to hover over the box in the right corner of that Facebook ad and opt out. We are not responsible for any third party’s failure to comply with opt-out requests. We periodically send you targeted email newsletters or promotional emails. For information on opting out of these emails, see What Are Your Rights and Choices? below. 2. (I) We Aggregate (or De-identify) Personal Information i nto Larger Findings. Sometimes we aggregate or de-identify information so that it can no longer identify you, as defined under applicable laws. This helps us better understand and represent our users, such as when we measure ad performance, create advertising interest-based segments or compile survey results. We can use and disclose this aggregated or de-identified information for any purpose, unless an applicable law says otherwise. Back to top 3. To Whom Do We Disclose or Share the Information We Gather? 3. (A) Within The New York Times Company: Our affiliates may access your information for the purposes listed here. Our affiliates include the companies on this list ; our affiliates also include The Athletic , which has its own privacy policy . 3. (B) With Service Providers: We work with service providers, as defined above, to carry out certain tasks, including: Processing your payments Fulfilling your orders Maintaining technology and related infrastructure Offering you customer service Serving and targeting ads Measuring ad performance Presenting surveys Shipping you products and mailings Distributing emails List processing and analytics Managing and analyzing research Managing promotions When performing these tasks, service providers often have access to your personal information. We sometimes allow them to use aggregated or de-identified information for other purposes, in accordance with applicable laws. 3. (C) With Other Third Parties: There are situations when we disclose your information to third parties beyond our service providers. As disclosed in prior versions of this Privacy Policy, we have historically never disclosed your email address to these third parties without your consent, except in encrypted form to engage in the matched ads process described above. It is worth noting how practices of certain vendors and changes in law outside of our control have changed what we can say about this. First, as noted elsewhere in this Policy, to the extent regulators take the position that the disclosure of information for matched ads is a “sale,” we will opt you out of such matched ads if you are a resident of an applicable jurisdiction and you exercise your right not to have your personal information “sold.” Second, at least one of our vendors uses pseudonymized email addresses they receive from us to power products that they provide to us and their other customers. Therefore, it is possible that your email address, which was shared with our vendor to provide services to us, is being used in pseudonymized form by the vendor to provide products and services to other companies. While we try to control the behavior of our vendors that we understand to be service providers, some of those vendors engage in activities beyond our control that may be seen by a regulator as the activities of “third parties,” not service providers. The following provides more information about the circumstances in which we know we are disclosing personal information to third parties that are not service providers. i. If you’re a U.S. print subscriber, we may provide your name and mailing address (among other information) to other companies that want to market to you by mail. This may be a “sale” of personal information under the law of some jurisdictions. If you prefer we don’t share this information, refer below to What Are Your Rights and Choices? below. ii. We provide information to third party advertisers and their agencies as described in Section 2(G) above. iii. We provide information to websites, locations, platforms and services operated and owned by third parties in connection with marketing, as described in Section 2(H) above. iv. We provide information about our live event and conference attendees (e.g., your name, your company or your job title) to the event sponsors. In those cases, we notify you when you provide us the information. v. We provide information about participants in our sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions to the promotions’ sponsors. In those cases, we notify you when you provide us the information. vi. We process payments you make through Times Services with external services. There are two ways this can happen: We collect your information and provide it to the third-party service for processing (such as Worldpay ). The third-party service collects your information for processing. vii. In the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings), we would have a legitimate interest in disclosing or transferring your information to a third party — such as an acquiring entity and its advisers. viii. We can preserve or disclose personal information if the law requires us to do so. We can also preserve or disclose personal information if we believe it would be necessary to: Comply with the law or with legal process Protect and defend our rights and property Protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Times Services Protect the safety or property of our personnel, users or the general public (e.g., if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, we could share your information to help investigations into your actions) Cooperate with government authorities, which could be outside your country of residence. ix. We disclose public activities in our RSS feeds, APIs and other distribution formats. Your public activities could thus appear on other websites, blogs or feeds. Back to top 4. What Are Your Rights and Choices ? We provide a variety of ways for you to control the personal information we hold about you, including choices about how we use that information. In some jurisdictions, these controls and choices are enforceable as rights under applicable law. 4. (A) In General i. Communications Preferences The choices described below are limited to the email address, phone or device used. They won’t affect subsequent subscriptions. Email: We offer a variety of commercial emails and email newsletters. You can unsubscribe from emails and email newsletters from The Times, including emails regarding The Athletic, by following the instructions near the bottom of the email. You can also email us at privacy@nytimes.com . You can also manage your nytimes.com newsletter and marketing communications preferences . To stop receiving emails and email newsletters sent directly by The Athletic, you must separately contact The Athletic . Mail or Telephone Promotions: You can ask us to unsubscribe from our mail or telephone solicitations. In some jurisdictions, as discussed elsewhere in this Policy, you can also ask us to not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes. To do so, call us at 1-800-698-4637 or chat with us . You may also email us at privacy@nytimes.com with “Opt Out” in the subject line and your account number and phone number in the body of the email. For International Edition customers, you can write us at: The New York Times International Edition, Subscription Dept. 18 Museum Street, London, WC1A 1JN, United Kingdom . Please include your account number and phone number in the body of the letter. Push Notifications: You can opt out any time by adjusting your device settings, or uninstalling our app. Text Messages: You can opt out of text alerts any time by replying “STOP,” or any alternative keyword we’ve shared with you. We complete any opt-out request as quickly as we can. This opt-out request won’t prohibit us from sending you important nonmarketing notices. ii. Access, Correct, Change /Update , Delete or Restrict Processing of Your Personal Information In some jurisdictions, you may exercise the following choices: Access, modify or delete the personal information we have about you Be informed of or receive an electronic copy of the personal information we have about you, for data portability. Restrict, or object to, how we process personal information about you For example, in the European Union and the United Kingdom, you have the right to object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of your personal information under certain circumstances; and where the processing is based on your consent, you have a right to withdraw that consent at any time for future processing. If you’d like to exercise any of the above choices, contact us via this form or by calling us at our toll-free number, 1-800-NYTIMES. In your request, please be specific. State the information you want changed, whether you’d like your information suppressed from our database or whether there are limitations you’d like us to put on how we use your personal information. Please use the email address linked to that personal information — we only complete requests on the information linked to your email address. To verify your identity, we will email the email address you provide us, and which matches our records, and wait for your response. In some instances, we may also ask for additional information. This is how we verify your identity before complying. In some jurisdictions, you can designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. In order to do that, please provide the agent with written permission, signed by you, authorizing the agent to submit the request on your behalf. The agent must submit that written permission along with the request. We will contact you to verify your identity — and the authorized agent’s permission — before a response to the request is sent. We’ll respond to your request in a manner consistent with applicable law, including any exceptions that may result in a request being denied in whole or in part. We might need to keep certain information for recordkeeping purposes, or to complete a transaction you began prior to requesting a change or deletion (e.g., if you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you might not be able to change or delete the personal information provided until after the completion of the purchase or promotion) . In some cases, your request doesn’t ensure complete removal of the content or information (e.g., if another user has reposted your content) . iii. Manag ing Your Digital and Home Delivery Accounts You can update your account information and see your transaction history (for International Edition print subscribers ). If you need assistance, call our toll-free number, 1-800-NYTIMES. Other local numbers are available. It works differently if you subscribed via Apple’s App Store or Google Play. Register with us to access the Account area and contact Apple or Google for your transaction history. iv. Browser and Platform Controls Cookie Controls: Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can go to your browser settings to learn how to delete or reject cookies. If you choose to delete or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our websites. If you choose to delete cookies, settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, may be deleted and may need to be recreated. For more information, read our Cookie Policy . Global Privacy Control : Some browsers and browser extensions support the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating your choice to opt-out from certain types of data processing, including data sales. In certain territories, when we detect such a signal, we will make reasonable efforts to respect your choices indicated by a GPC setting as required by applicable law. Do Not Track : Some browsers include a "Do Not Track" (DNT) setting that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Unlike the GPC described above, there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal; therefore, our websites do not respond to browser DNT signals . Instead, you can use the range of other tools to control data collection and use, including the cookie controls and advertising controls described above. Mobile Advertising ID Controls : iOS and Android operating systems provide options to limit tracking and/or reset the advertising IDs. Email Web Beacons: Most email clients have settings which allow you to prevent the automatic downloading of images, including web beacons, which prevents the automatic connection to the web servers that host those images. Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and “Sales” of Personal Information : Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia have the right to opt out of targeted advertising and "sales" (as defined under applicable law) of their personal information. In order to exercise your right to opt out of targeted advertising or "sales" of your personal information, please click on the “Your Privacy Choices” link at the bottom of the webpage where your information is being collected. California residents can review relevant information relating to California privacy laws below . v. Other Rights and Choices You will not receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights. This Policy has been designed to be accessible to people with disabilities. If you experience difficulties accessing this Policy, please contact us at privacy@nytimes.com . If you’d like, you can lodge a complaint with a data protection authority. A list of E.U. data protection authorities is available. But we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns. In some jurisdictions, you may appeal to us if we refuse to take action on your exercise of certain choices described above. In order to appeal such a refusal, please contact us at privacy@nytimes.com using the subject line “Appeal of Refusal to Take Action on Privacy Request” and provide the relevant information in the email. 4. (B ) California Privacy Rights If you are a California resident, you have certain rights with respect to your personal information. i. Notice at Collection At or before the time of collection, you have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal information and sensitive personal information to be collected, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared and how long such information is retained . You can find those details in this Privacy Policy by clicking on the above links. ii. Rights to Know, Correction and Deletion You have a right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected about you. You also have a right to request additional information about our collection, use, disclosure, or sale of such personal information. Note that we have provided much of this information in this Privacy Policy. You also have rights to request that we correct inaccurate personal information and that we delete personal information under certain circumstances, subject to a number of exceptions. Please see Access, Correct, Change/Update, Delete, or Restrict Processing of Your Personal Information above for details, including on how to exercise these rights and how we verify your identity. iii. “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” To the extent The New York Times Company “sells” your personal information (as the term “sell” is defined under the CCPA), you have the right to opt-out of that “sale” on a going-forward basis at any time. If you’re a California resident, you have a right to opt-out from the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information with third parties who are not our service providers (as those terms are defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act, or “CCPA” for short in this Policy). To exercise this right, click the "Your Privacy Choices" link on the bottom of the webpage where your information is being collected or go to “Account” and then “Settings” and “About This App” and click the “Your Privacy Choices” link there. You can also submit a request to opt-out by emailing us at privacy@nytimes.com with the subject line “California Resident - Do Not Sell or Share.” Finally, if your browser supports it, you can turn on the Global Privacy Control to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information. If you have an account with certain Times Services (specifically nytimes.com, cooking.nytimes.com, nytimes.com/crosswords, the New York Times app, the New York Times Cooking app and the New York Times Games app) and are logged in, we will save your preference and honor your opt-out request across browsers and devices so long as you remain logged in. If you are not logged in, or do not have an account with any Times Services listed above, your opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information will be specific to the browser or device from which you have clicked “Your Privacy Choices” and until you clear your cookies (or local storage in apps) on this browser or device. We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” (as those terms are defined by the CCPA) the personal information of minors under 16 years old. iv. Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information If you are a California resident, effective January 1, 2023, you have a right to limit our use of sensitive personal information for any purposes other than to provide the services or goods you request or as otherwise permitted by law. To opt-out from such additional purposes, contact us via this form or by calling us at our toll-free number, 1-800-NYTIMES. v. Authorized Agents You can designate an authorized agent to make a request to exercise your rights under the CCPA on your behalf. In order to do that, please provide the agent with written permission, signed by you, authorizing the agent to submit the request on your behalf. The agent must submit that written permission along with the request. We will contact you to verify your identity — and the authorized agent’s permission — before a response to the request is sent. vi. Non-Discrimination Rights You may exercise any of your rights listed in this section without fear of unlawful discrimination. vii. Record of Requests We keep a record of requests that we received from California residents. For data deletion and data access requests, our readers submit requests through our intake form . In the intake form, they mark whether they reside in California. We then send an identity verification email to the user. If the user does not verify their identity in 45 days, their request will be denied. If the user does verify in 45 days, we begin to fulfill their request. We have calculated our median process time for verified data deletion and data access requests. Any requests completed within the same day are rounded to one day. The median process time is found by organizing the processing time of each verified request from lowest to highest. The middle number is the median. Request Type Total Requests Received f rom California Residents* Number of Denied Requests Due to No Verification* Number of Verified Requests* Median Process Time for Verified Requests in Days** Deletion (requests to delete) 1108 215 893 1 Access (requests to know) 44 14 30 99 * Requests that we received from California residents between January 1, 2021, 00:00 UTC and December 31, 2021, 23:59 UTC. ** Numbers are rounded to the nearest whole number. Numbers below .5 are rounded down and the numbers .5 or above are rounded up. Request Type Total Requests* Median Process Time in Seconds** Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information, including Global Privacy Control (GPC). This number has been corrected to include individuals using GPC to opt out of sale. This number is larger than the total number of opt out of sale requests because it also includes the number of consumers using Mozilla’s Do Not Track Setting and iOS’s Limit Ad Tracking Setting, which are not technically part of a Do Not Sell request, but are not easily separated from the GPC metrics. 14,227,633 0.6 * Requests that we received from California residents between January 1, 2022, 00:00 UTC and December 31, 2022, 23:59 UTC. ** Numbers are rounded to the nearest tenth. Numbers below .05 are rounded down and the numbers .05 or above are rounded up. viii. California “Shine the Light” Privacy Rights Under the California “Shine the Light” law, California residents can opt out of our sharing of their information to third parties (and sometimes affiliates) for their direct marketing purposes. To do so, email us at privacy@nytimes.com with “Shine the Light Opt Out” in the subject line and your account number and phone number in the body of the email. You can also write to us at: Customer Care/Call Center 620 Eighth Avenue, New York, NY 10018, Attn: Postal. Include your account number and phone number in the body of the letter. ix. Removal of Content for California Minors If you’re a California resident under 18 years old and you’re registered with a Times Service, you can ask us to remove content or information you’ve posted to a Times Service. Email us at privacy@nytimes.com with “California Under 18 Content Removal Request” in the subject line and tell us what you want removed. We will make reasonable efforts to remove the post from public view, although we cannot ensure the complete removal of the content and may retain the content as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. Back to top 5 . How Long Do You Retain Data? We store your personal information for as long as needed, or permitted, based on the reason why we obtained it (consistent with applicable law). This means we might retain your personal information even after you close your account with us. When deciding how long to keep your information, we consider: How long we have had a relationship with you or provided a Times Service to you Whether we are subject to any legal obligations (e.g., any laws that require us to keep transaction records for a certain period of time before we can delete them) Whether we have taken any legal positions (e.g., in connection with any statutes of limitation) . Rather than delete your data, we might de-identify it by removing identifying details. Back to top 6 . How Do You Protect My Information? We protect your personal information with appropriate organizational, technological and physical safeguards — but we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We recommend that you use complex and unique passwords for your Times accounts and for third-party accounts linked to them. Do not share your password with anyone. If you have reason to believe your interaction with us is no longer secure, notify us immediately. Back to top 7 . Are There Guidelines for Children? Times Services are intended for a general audience and are not directed at children under (13) years of age. We do not knowingly gather personal information (as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act, or COPPA) in a manner not permitted by COPPA. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe we have collected information from your child in a manner not permitted by law, contact us at privacy@nytimes.com . We will remove the data to the extent required by applicable laws. Back to top 8 . How Is Information Transferred Internationally? The New York Times Company is headquartered in the United States. If you are located outside the United States, your information is collected in your country and then transferred to the United States — or to another country in which we (or our affiliates or service providers) operate. If we transfer your data out of the European Economic Area (E.E.A.), we implement at least one of the two following safeguards: We transfer your information to countries that have been recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to E.E.A. standards (see the full list of these countries ). We take steps to ensure that the recipient is bound by contractual obligations, including E.U. Standard Contractual Clauses together with additional safeguards to protect your personal data. You can see a copy of these clauses . In certain situations, the courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those countries might be entitled to access your personal information. Back to top 9 . What Is Our Legal Basis? In some jurisdictions, like the European Union and the European Economic Area, we only collect, use or share information about you when we have a valid reason. This is called a “lawful basis.” Specifically, this is one of the following: The consent you provide to us at the point of collection of your information The performance of the contract we have with you The compliance of a legal obligation to which we are subject, or The legitimate interests of The Times or a third party. “Legitimate interest” is a technical term under international laws, including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation. It means that there are good reasons for the processing of your personal information, and that we take measures to minimize the impact on your privacy rights and interests. “Legitimate interest” also refers to our use of your data in ways you would reasonably expect and that have a minimal privacy impact. We have a legitimate interest in gathering and processing personal information, for example: (1) to ensure that our networks and information are secure; (2) to administer and generally conduct business within The New York Times Company; (3) to prevent fraud; and (4) to conduct our marketing activities. Back to top 10 . What about Third-Party Services? Some Times Services contain links to third-party websites, resources, vendors and advertisers. These third parties are not Times Services. Additionally, Times Services may be available to you through third-party digital properties such as Google’s Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP). We do not control (and are not responsible for) third party content or privacy practices. These third parties may independently collect and solicit information about you and affect your data preferences when you access the Times Services on third-party digital properties (see “Additional Notes” below for more information). Any personal information you provide to them is not covered by this Privacy Policy. These third parties have their own policies and practices about data, which may include what information they share with us, your rights and choices on their services and devices, and whether they store information in the U.S. or elsewhere. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with their privacy policies and terms of use. Additional Notes As mentioned above, some Times Services are offered on third-party digital properties (such as third-party websites, frameworks, and domains) which can affect our data practices and your data preferences. For example, we use Google AMP to help Times Services load quickly on mobile devices. We also use third-party properties to facilitate other Times Services, such as our Live Events. If you set your data preferences while using one of these third-party digital properties, your preferences will only be saved with respect to the Times Services on that specific third-party digital property. Your preferences will not carry over when you use the Times Services on The Times’s own digital properties. And, your preferences will only be saved on Google AMP and other third-party digital properties until your cookies are cleared. Once your cookies are cleared, you will need to reset your data preferences for each third-party digital property used to access Times Services. If your browser settings allow for cross-site tracking (e.g., allows for trackers to follow your preferences across websites), you can set your preferences on The Times’s digital properties so that your preferences will be remembered when you access the Times Services through Google AMP. However, if your browser settings do not allow for cross-site tracking, your preferences on The Times’s own digital properties will not carry over to the Times Services you access through Google AMP. If you are an European resident and you do not accept trackers (other than essential trackers) while using Times Services on AMP, you will be served non-personalized ads. If you do not accept trackers (other than essential trackers) while using the Times Services on The Times’s digital properties, you will receive The Times house ads or no ads at all. Back to top 11 . How Are Changes to this Privacy Policy Communicated? We are always improving our products and services, and we create new features regularly. These updates sometimes require us to collect new information or use what we already have differently. Further, the laws regarding personal information and privacy frequently change. As a result, we must periodically update this Privacy Policy. We will post any changes on this page by updating this policy. If we make a significant or material change in the way we collect, use or share your personal information, we will notify you at least 30 days prior to the changes taking effect. We will do this via email or prominent notice within Times Services. If you object to any change, you can stop using the Times Services. After we post any changes on this page, your continued use of Times Services is subject to the updated Privacy Policy. Back to top 12 . How Can You Contact Us? Who Is the Controller of Your Personal Information? If you have any questions, email us at privacy@nytimes.com or write us at: The New York Times Company 620 Eighth Avenue New York, N.Y. 10018 Attn.: Privacy Counsel We can also be reached by phone at 1-800-NYTIMES (see a list of our local telephone numbers outside the United States ). The New York Times Company is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “The Times,” “we” or “our.” Certain Times Services operate as independent controllers of your personal information. Wirecutter operates as an independent controller of personal information collected through the Wirecutter site available at nytimes.com/wirecutter , pages or ads on social media networks, email messages sent by Wirecutter, your offline contacts and any other service offered by Wirecutter (collectively, the “Wirecutter Services”). If you have any questions regarding Wirecutter, email us at privacy@thewirecutter.com or write us at: Wirecutter, Inc. c/o The New York Times Company 620 Eighth Avenue New York, N.Y. 10018 Attn.: Privacy Counsel Wirecutter operates the Wirecutter Services in accordance with the practices disclosed in this Privacy Policy. With respect to the Wirecutter Services, Wirecutter, Inc. is referred to in this Privacy Policy as included in “The Times,” “we” or “our.” In this Privacy Policy, Wirecutter Services are included under “Times Services.” The Athletic also operates as an independent controller of personal information collected through The Athletic site available at www.theathletic.com and The Athletic mobile app. As noted above, The Athletic has its own Privacy Policy and its practices are not included in the “Times Services.” If you have any questions regarding The Athletic, please contact The Athletic at privacy@theathletic.com. Back to top Can't find what you're looking for? Review our Help topics or chat with one of our Customer Care advocates. Chat with us Contact us Return to top Was this article helpful? © 2023 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work with us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Sitemap Help Subscriptions