Privacy Policy | Papa John’s Pizza <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NVDDFQ" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Skip to main content Menu Specials Papa Rewards PAPA JOHNS CUSTOMER PRIVACY NOTICE Effective Date Nov. 1, 2023 Who Should Read This Privacy Notice? What Is This Privacy Notice About? Local Privacy Laws May Apply What Types Of Personal Data Do We Collect About You? How Do We Collect Your Personal Data? How Do We Use Your Personal Data? How Do We Secure Your Personal Data? How Do We Use Your Personal Data? How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Data? Do We Disclose Your Personal Data To Others, And For What Purposes? How Can You Update, Correct, Or Access Your Personal Data? Other Important Information Privacy Information For California Residents Privacy Information For Virginia Residents Updates To This Privacy Notice How To Contact Us Alternative Formats Who Should Read This Privacy Notice? This Papa Johns Customer Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”) applies to the sites and apps where it is posted, and any location or interaction where we collect personal data from you. This includes www.papajohns.com, our mobile sites and apps, all ordering channels, and your interactions with us offline, including information we obtain through phone or in-person orders.  This Privacy Notice is between you and Papa Johns, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and Franchisees (collectively, “Papa Johns”, “we”, “our”, or “us”). By interacting with Papa Johns online, in person, or by phone you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Notice. Please note employees and job applicants should review the Employee Privacy Notice for applicable information related to their privacy. What Is This Privacy Notice About? Papa Johns values the privacy of its customers, and we believe you deserve transparency about how we collect, use, and share information about you. This Privacy Notice describes our information collection and use practices at Papa Johns, and informs you about your privacy choices. Local Privacy Laws May Apply This Privacy Notice provides a general overview of our data privacy policies. Papa Johns is required to comply with all applicable state and local privacy laws, which may vary depending on the state in which you live, and which may be more or less stringent than the policies described in this Privacy Notice. Where the state and local laws impose additional data privacy requirements than those described here, Papa Johns has adapted our privacy practices in those jurisdictions to satisfy our compliance obligations. What Types of Personal Data Do We Collect About You? Personal Identifiers First and last name Contact information Home address; phone number; email addresses Profile information Preferences; favorite orders Login Credentials Username; passwords Transaction Data Items purchased; transaction amount; transaction date/time; whether you used a discount or “promo code”; whether purchase is in-store or online Payment Information Credit or Debit Card number; Credit or Debit Card expiration date; Credit or Debit Card security code User Submissions Surveys; comments; reviews Device Location IP Address; browser or App geolocation data Usage Data Date of access; time of access; pages visited; browsing information; interactions with site, app, email, or other marketing; session recordings and replay Device Information Type of device; operating system; browser information; internet service provider information; regional and language settings Audio and Visual Information In-store security video; customer service audio recordings How Do We Collect Your Personal Data? Directly From You: We will collect personal data from you directly, such as when you register for an account, place an order, make a payment, sign up for email marketing, participate in a survey, or provide feedback. From our Partners and Affiliates: We also collect personal data about you from our franchisees, affiliates, and other business partners. Third Parties: We may also collect information from third party data sellers to enhance or supplement the customer information you provide to us. Cookies, Pixels, and Other Tracking Technologies: We collect information through tools including cookies and pixels, as well as industry standard tools that record information provided in routine network communications. To learn more about these tools and how you can control them, you can visit:  https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer. You may also review our Cookie and Ad Notice here: https://www.papajohns.com/cookies/ for more information. Social Media: We may also collect information about you from social media platforms, which may depend on your privacy settings within those social media platforms. How Do We Use Your Personal Data? Papa Johns uses your personal data to further our relationship with you, and only for such business purposes that are consistent with the original reason for our collection. Here are some ways we commonly use your personal data: Deliver Products and Services Complete your order Process payments Deliver orders Verify your identity Maintain accounts Personalize your experience Facilitate our loyalty program Respond to Requests Provide customer service Respond to customer feedback Improve Products and Services Make our website and products better Debug and repair system errors Customize your experience with us Security Protect our company, customers, and website from malicious or fraudulent activity Prosecute malicious or fraudulent actors Marketing Serve you ads about products and offers Inform you of new features or updates from us or third parties Email or send you marketing material Push notifications to devices Customer Communication Contact you about: Your account Feedback you provide Confirming transactions Technical or security alerts This privacy notice or terms of use How Do We Secure Your Personal Data? We use industry-standard technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data. Our robust information security program includes measures such as access controls, network intrusion detection, routine training, firewalls, and anti-virus software. While Papa Johns undertakes great efforts to protect your personal data, no system is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee against unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or data breach of our systems. Information we maintain both within and outside of the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. This site is subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country. Your use of our Web Site and Applications or provision of any information constitutes your consent to the transfer, processing, usage, sharing, and storage of your information in the U.S. and other jurisdictions as set forth in this Privacy Notice. How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Data? We generally keep your personal data for as long as we need your data to carry out the purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice. We may need to use your personal data after you stop purchasing items from us for compliance purposes, such as legal, tax, accounting, or other administrative issues. When we no longer need your personal data for any legitimate business purpose, we will either delete it or anonymize it if permitted by law. Sometimes, your personal data is stored in backup archives or is otherwise stored in such a way that makes it technically unfeasible to delete it. In that case, then we will continue securely storing your personal data but will cease processing it and will delete it at a future available opportunity. Do We Disclose Your Personal Data To Others, And For What Purposes? Papa Johns relies on its internal staff as well as third-party service providers to manage daily organizational operations and pursue our business interests. Access to personal data is given on a need-to-know basis only, which means that we limit data access to only those who need your personal data to perform their duties or perform services on our behalf. We may share your personal data with third parties in the following instances: Franchisees and Affiliates We share information with our franchisees and affiliates to complete your orders and process your payments. We may also share information with our franchisees to provide local offers and promotions that might interest you. Third party service providers We may share your personal data with certain service providers who need access to support our internal business processes. For example, we share information with vendors who provide mailing or email services, tax and accounting services, product fulfillment, delivery services, payments processing, data enhancement services, fraud prevention, maintaining and operating our web site and applications, data analytic services, and other business purposes. We may also share information with marketing partners who help facilitate online advertising. We may also engage vendors or service providers to collect information on our behalf. When we enter into contracts with these third-party service providers, we typically require them to use your data only as instructed by Papa Johns, to respect and maintain the confidentiality of your data, and to have appropriate technical and organizational information security controls in place. Promotional Partners We will share information with third parties who co-sponsor promotions. These partners may send you information about events and products by mail or email. Mergers and acquisitions From time to time, Papa Johns and its Franchisees may undergo a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, reorganization, dissolution, or similar event. In these cases, personal data we collect from you may be transferred to an acquirer or successor of Papa Johns or its Franchisee, who may continue to use the data in the ways described in this Privacy Notice. Legal Compliance There are other reasons we may disclose your personal data to third parties, such as under the following circumstances: If we have a good faith belief that we are required by any applicable law, regulation, government authority, or other legal process; If we need to do so to protect our rights or property, or if necessary to exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights, including to enforce our policies, Terms of Service, or any other agreements; In connection with routine reporting to our affiliates To respond to an emergency, or to prevent or protect from harm to you or others; or Other business purposes, with your consent. Data obtained through the short code program will not be shared with any third-parties for their marketing reasons/purposes. How Can You Update, Correct, Or Access Your Personal Data? Papa Johns offers multiple ways for individuals to make choices about how their personal data is processed. Update Account Information You can correct, update or delete your account information by accessing and making the change within your Papa Johns online account. Opt-Out of Marketing Emails and/or Text Messages To stop receiving our promotional emails or text messages, log in to your account and change your settings or follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us. Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we will still send you transactional messages. These include responses to your questions. Control Cookies and Tracking Tools To learn how to manage cookies and other tracking tools, please visit our Cookie and Ad Notice: https://www.papajohns.com/cookies/ Device and Browser Provided Information You may be able change the settings in your mobile device to limit app tracking. Additionally, you may be able to change the information your browser provides by using the tools reviewed in the links for your particular browser: Microsoft Edge: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/adjust-privacy-settings-in-microsoft-edge-600ee799-081c-4ab7-b6c2-d8a9baeda3c4 Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/114836 Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/products/firefox/privacy-and-security Please note, we may continue to approximate your location based on your IP address if geolocation services are disabled on your device. Your State and Local Privacy Rights. California customers have certain data privacy rights that are described fully in the “Privacy Information for California Residents” section below. If you reside in a state other than California, including Virginia, you may also have privacy rights related to your personal data which you may exercise by visiting the online Consumer Rights Privacy Request Form or by contacting our Privacy Hotline at 833-727-2596 (833-PAPA-596), or emailing privacy@papajohns.com. . Other Important Information Not Intended for Children. Our sites and apps are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data from children under 16 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 16 has given us information without your permission, you can email us and request that your child’s information be corrected or deleted. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this Policy. Please mark your inquiries "COPPA Information Request." Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line here: https://consumer.ftc.gov/articles/protecting-your-childs-privacy-online Third-Party Links. If you click on a third-party link, you will be taken to platforms we do not control. This Privacy Notice does not apply to the privacy practices of those platforms. Read the other companies’ privacy policies carefully. We cannot be and are not responsible for these third parties. Privacy Information for California Residents For California residents only, we are required to provide additional disclosures to you about how we collect, use, and disclose information that is considered to be “Personal Information” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). California residents may have additional rights with respect to their Personal Information. The following information applies only to California residents. Collection. In the 12 months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice, we collected, and will continue to collect, the following categories of Personal Information from California residents: Personal Identifiers: such as name, address, telephone number, email address, age, birthday and month, username and password for our websites, online identifiers, IP address; Demographic Information: such as gender; Commercial Information: such as products purchased or considered for purchase, purchase histories or tendencies, and loyalty program participation information; Payment Information: such as Credit or Debit Card number; Credit or Debit Card expiration date; Credit or Debit Card security code; Site or App Usage Information: such as internet connection information, pages visited, advertising data, and site logging information; Geolocation Information: including precise location data and physical location information when you visit our site or use our apps on your mobile device; Audio and Visual Information: such as in-store security video and customer service audio recordings; and Inferences Drawn from Above Categories: such as your preferences, characteristics, and purchasing behaviors. In the 12 months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice, we collected, and will continue to collect, the following categories of Sensitive Personal Information from California residents: Geolocation Information: including precise location data and physical location information when you visit our site or use our apps on your mobile device. Sources. In the 12 months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice, we collected, and will continue to collect, Personal Information from the following categories of sources: Papa Johns store locations Papa Johns websites and mobile applications Customer service communications Loyalty program participation Third party websites and mobile applications Third party data suppliers Commercial business partners Digital advertising networks Aggregated delivery services, such as DoorDash Promotional partners Social media outlets Survey providers Other service providers Purposes. We collect and use Personal Information for the following purposes, as more fully described in the above section “How Do We Use Your Personal Data?”: Deliver products and services Respond to requests Improve products and services Security and fraud prevention Marketing and promotions Customer communication Legal compliance Sharing for Business Purposes. We may share the categories of Personal Information listed below with third party service providers, who may use your information only for purposes of providing services to Papa Johns. In the 12 months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice, we shared, and will continue to share, the following categories of information with service providers: Personal Identifiers: such as name, address, telephone number, email address, age, date of birth, username and password for our websites, online identifiers, IP address; Demographic Information: such as gender; Commercial Information: such as products purchased or considered for purchase, purchase histories or tendencies, and loyalty program participation information; Site or App Usage Information: such as internet connection information, pages visited, advertising data, and site logging information; Geolocation Information: including precise location data and physical location information when you visit our site or use our apps on your mobile device; Audio and Visual Information: such as in-store security video and customer service audio recordings; and Inferences Drawn from Above Categories: such as your preferences, characteristics, and purchasing behaviors. We may share Personal Information as described above with the following categories of service providers: Cloud storage providers IT service providers Aggregated delivery services Marketing agencies Payment processing companies Data analytics companies Fraud prevention services Professional service providers and contractors Service providers and other parties associated with mergers and acquisitions Sale and Sharing of Personal Information. . We may share the categories of Personal Information listed below with third parties that may use your information for secondary purposes. Our disclosure to those third parties may qualify as a “sale” of personal information under CCPA. In the 12 months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice, we shared, and will continue to share, the following categories of Personal Information with third parties: Commercial Information: such as products purchased or considered for purchase, and purchase histories or tendencies; and loyalty program participation information; Personal Identifiers: such as IP address and other online identifiers; Site or App Usage Information: such as internet connection information, pages visited, advertising data, and site logging information; Geolocation Information: including precise location data and physical location information when you visit our site or use our apps on your mobile device; and Inferences Drawn From Above Categories: such as your preferences, characteristics, and purchasing behaviors. We may share Personal Information as described above with the following categories of third parties: Marketing agencies Advertising networks Social Media companies Promotional partners Opting Out of the Sale of Personal Information. You can ask us to stop selling or sharing your Personal Information with third parties by submitting an opt-out request through this Consumer Rights Privacy Request form or by calling our Privacy Hotline at 833-727-2596 (833-PAPA-596). Notice of Financial Incentive. Material terms of incentive. Through our customer loyalty program, Papa Rewards, we provide you with rewards that are redeemable for free pizza and other products, complimentary promotional items, discounts, and members-only access to innovative products (“Rewards and Promotions”) in exchange for your personal information, such as your personal identifiers, contact information, birthday and month, profile and demographic information, location information, transaction data, and user submissions. We may use the information you provide for internal analytics purposes, to generate insights about our market performance, to tailor offers and promotions to your preferences, and increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our marketing strategies. Incentive reasonably related to information provided. The benefits provided to you through enrollment in Papa Rewards are based upon our reasonable but sole determination of the estimated value of the personal information you provide when you sign up for our program, taking into account, without limitation, estimates regarding the anticipated revenue generated from such information, the anticipated expenses which might be incurred in the collection, storage, and use of such information in the operation of our business, and other relevant factors related to the estimated value of such information to our business, as permitted under applicable law. Opt-In. By providing your personal information when signing up to receive Rewards and Promotions, you are affirmatively opting-in to our Papa Rewards program and agree to all associated terms of use. If you wish to opt-out of the program, do not submit the personal information and do not sign up for Papa Rewards. Right to withdraw. If you want to withdraw from the Papa Rewards loyalty program, you may submit a request to our Customer Care Team by calling toll-free 877-547-7272 (877-547-PAPA). You may also place online orders without logging in to your loyalty account at any time by checking out as a Guest. California Consumer Rights. Right to Know California residents have the right to request certain types of information regarding the Personal Information we have collected about you in the 12 months prior to your request (subject to exceptions): Specific pieces of Personal Information; Categories of Personal Information; Categories of sources from which we collected your Personal Information; Categories of your Personal Information that we sold to or shared with third parties, or disclosed to service providers for a business purpose; and The business purposes for collecting or selling your Personal Information. We refer to these requests as “Access Requests” . Right to Delete California residents can also ask us to delete Personal Information we have collected about you (subject to exceptions). We refer to these requests as “Deletion Requests” . Right to Correct California residents have the right to correct any inaccurate Personal Information we have collected from you. You may update or correct your Personal Information at any time by logging into your Papa Johns account, or by contacting our Customer Care Team by calling toll-free 877-547-7272 (877-547-PAPA). Do Not Sell My Personal Information - Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing California residents have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information with third parties. You can ask us to stop selling or sharing your Personal Information with third parties by submitting an opt-out request here: consumer rights privacy request form or by calling our Privacy Hotline at 833-727-2596 (833-PAPA-596). We refer to these requests as “Opt-Out Requests”. Right to Limit Use or Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information California residents have the right to limit how businesses use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information about consumers. Papa Johns may use and disclose the following Sensitive Personal Information about you: Geolocation data. You can ask us to limit how we use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information about you by submitting a request here: consumer rights privacy request form or by calling our Privacy Hotline at 833-727-2596 (833-PAPA-596). We refer to these requests as “Limit Use Requests” . Responding to Requests. We will respond to your requests within the following timelines, as required by CCPA: Access Requests and Deletion Requests Within 10 days: We will confirm receipt of your request Within 45 days: We will provide you with a substantive response to your request Additional 45 days: For more complex requests, we may extend our time to respond by an additional 45 days by sending you an extension notice Opt-Out Requests and Limit Use Requests As soon as possible, but in any case, within 15 days: We will comply with your request In certain cases, we may be permitted by law to deny your request, or certain components of your request. In that event we will provide you with an explanation of our denial. Requests by Authorized Agents. California residents may designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf, subject to the following requirements: The agent must be duly registered with the California Secretary of State The agent must provide us with (1) adequate proof of their identity; and (2) signed permission to act on your behalf You will be required to verify your identity by providing us with sufficient Personal Information Authorized agents may submit a request by contacting us at privacy@papajohns.com. . Verification of Requests. For all Access Requests and Deletion Requests, we must verify your identity before we are able to process your request. We use the following two-step verification process: Step One: You must confirm your control over the email address, phone number, and/or postal address you list in the request form. Step Two: We attempt to match the data you provided in the request form to the data we maintain about you in our databases. If verification is successful and we match your identity to a high or reasonable degree of certainty, we will process your request according to the timelines given above. Nondiscrimination. California residents have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of their data privacy rights detailed above. Papa Johns will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under CCPA or any applicable privacy law. Minors’ Personal Information – No Sale. California minors under age 16 must be provided an opportunity to opt-in to the sale of their Personal Information. Papa Johns does not knowingly collect or sell the Personal Information of California residents under age 16. Privacy Information for Virginia Residents For Virginia, we are required to provide additional disclosures to you about how we collect, use, and disclose information that is considered to be “Personal Information” under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”). Virginia residents may have additional rights with respect to their Personal Information. The following information applies only to Virginia residents. Collection. In the 12 months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice, we collected, and will continue to collect, the following categories of Personal Information from Virginia residents: Personal Identifiers: such as name, address, telephone number, email address, age, birthday and month, username and password for our websites, online identifiers, IP address; Demographic Information: such as gender; Commercial Information: such as products purchased or considered for purchase, purchase histories or tendencies, and loyalty program participation information; Payment Information: such as Credit or Debit Card number; Credit or Debit Card expiration date; Credit or Debit Card security code; Site or App Usage Information: such as internet connection information, pages visited, advertising data, and site logging information; Geolocation Information: including precise location data and physical location information when you visit our site or use our apps on your mobile device; Audio and Visual Information: such as in-store security video and customer service audio recordings; and Inferences Drawn from Above Categories: such as your preferences, characteristics, and purchasing behaviors. In the 12 months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice, we collected, and will continue to collect, the following categories of Sensitive Personal Information from Virginia residents: Geolocation Information: including precise location data and physical location information when you visit our site or use our apps on your mobile device. Purposes. We collect and use Personal Information for the following purposes, as more fully described in the above section “How Do We Use Your Personal Data?”: Deliver products and services Respond to requests Improve products and services Security and fraud prevention Marketing and promotions Customer communication Legal compliance Sharing for Business Purposes. We may share the categories of Personal Information listed below with third party service providers, who may use your information only for purposes of providing services to Papa Johns. In the 12 months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice, we shared, and will continue to share, the following categories of information with service providers: Personal Identifiers: such as name, address, telephone number, email address, age, date of birth, username and password for our websites, online identifiers, IP address; Demographic Information: such as gender; Commercial Information: such as products purchased or considered for purchase, purchase histories or tendencies, and loyalty program participation information; Site or App Usage Information: such as internet connection information, pages visited, advertising data, and site logging information; Geolocation Information: including precise location data and physical location information when you visit our site or use our apps on your mobile device; Audio and Visual Information: such as in-store security video and customer service audio recordings; and Inferences Drawn from Above Categories: such as your preferences, characteristics, and purchasing behaviors. We may share Personal Information as described above with the following categories of service providers: Cloud storage providers IT service providers Aggregated delivery services Marketing agencies Payment processing companies Data analytics companies Fraud prevention services Professional service providers and contractors Service providers and other parties associated with mergers and acquisitions Sale of Personal Information. Papa Johns does not engage in the exchange of Personal Information with third parties for monetary consideration, and therefore does not sell your Personal Information to third parties for purposes of VCDPA. Virginia Consumer Rights. Right to Know Virginia residents have the right to request certain types of information regarding the Personal Information we have collected about you (subject to exceptions): Confirm whether or not we process your Personal Information; and Specific pieces of Personal Information. We refer to these requests as “Access Requests” . Right to Delete Virginia residents can also ask us to delete Personal Information we have collected from you or about you (subject to exceptions). We refer to these requests as “Deletion Requests” . Right to Correct Virginia residents have the right to correct any inaccurate Personal Information we have collected from you. You may update or correct your Personal Information at any time by logging into your Papa Johns account, or by contacting our Customer Care Team by calling toll-free 877-547-7272 (877-547-PAPA). Right to Opt-Out of Processing Virginia residents have the right to opt-out of the processing of your Personal Information for purpose of: (i) targeted advertising; (ii) sale to third parties; and (iii) customer profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. As noted above, Papa Johns does not engage in the sale of Personal Information to third parties, and similarly does not engage in customer profiling that could result in legal or other significant effects. You can ask us to stop processing your Personal Information for targeted advertising purposes by submitting an opt-out request here: consumer rights privacy request form , by changing your settings in our Cookie Preference Center, or by calling our Privacy Hotline at 833-727-2596 (833-PAPA-596). We refer to these requests as “Opt-Out Requests” . Right to Appeal Virginia residents have the right to appeal any decision we may make denying your consumer rights listed above. To appeal a denial decision, you may contact our Privacy Department at privacy@papajohns.com. If your appeal is denied, you have the right to submit a further appeal to the Virginia Attorney General here: https://www.oag.state.va.us/contact-oag Responding to Requests. We will respond to your requests within the following timelines: Access Requests and Deletion Requests Within 10 days: We will confirm receipt of your request Within 45 days: We will provide you with a substantive response to your request Additional 45 days: For more complex requests, we may extend our time to respond by an additional 45 days by sending you an extension notice Opt-Out Requests and Limit Use Requests As soon as possible, but in any case, within 15 days: We will comply with your request In certain cases, we may be permitted by law to deny your request, or certain components of your request. In that event we will provide you with an explanation of our denial. Nondiscrimination. Virginia residents have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of their data privacy rights detailed above. Papa Johns will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under VCDPA or any applicable privacy law. Minors’ Personal Information – No Sale. Virginia minors under age 13 must be provided an opportunity to opt-in to the sale of their Sensitive Personal Information. Papa Johns does not knowingly collect or sell any Personal Information of Virginia residents under age 13. Updates To This Privacy Notice We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or as we make changes to our personal data practices. Please check back periodically for any changes that may impact your personal data. How to Contact Us You may reach out to privacy@papajohns.com. with any questions about the topics covered by this Privacy Notice or write to us at: Papa John's International, Inc. P.O. Box 99900 Louisville, Kentucky 40269-0900 Alternative Formats Alternative accessible formats of this Privacy Statement can be provided by contacting us at privacy@papajohns.com. for assistance. Last updated: Novermber 2023 Our Company About Papa Johns Investor Relations Careers Our Pizza Pizza Pages Nutritional Info Allergen Guide Ingredients Quality Guarantee Help Customer Service Ordering Gift Cards Store List Careers Corporate Papa Johns Stores Become a Driver Open A Franchise International Sites Asia LA & Caribbean Europe ME & North Africa Submit Privacy Cookies Terms of Use Site Map Text & Email Offers Pizza Deals & Specials Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Offers good for a limited time at participating U.S. Papa Johns restaurants. Prices may vary. Not valid with any other coupons or discounts. OREO is a trademark of Mondelēz International group, used under license. DORITOS® and COOL RANCH® are registered trademarks owned by Frito-Lay North America, Inc. All beverage related trademarks are registered Trademarks of PepsiCo, Inc. Some offers require the purchase of multiple pizzas. Some offers may be available online only. No triple toppings or extra cheese. Certain toppings may be excluded from special offer pizzas or require additional charge. Additional toppings extra. Limit seven toppings to ensure bake quality. Limited delivery area. Delivery fee may apply and may not be subject to discount. Minimum purchase may be required for delivery. Customer responsible for all applicable taxes. No purchase necessary. MSG and Data rates may apply. Click here for SMS term and conditions. Text HELP for help. Six (6) message per month. Text CANCEL to cancel. Customer Care Team Contact Us . If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call (877) 547-7272 for assistance. ©2023 Papa John's International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Canada: Adults and youth (ages 13 and older) need an average of 2,000 calories a day, and children (ages 4 to 12) need an average of 1,500 calories a day. However, individual needs vary. n-webnc-p03-18.4.1.0 18.4.0.2