Full Privacy Policy Details | Boost Mobile ✕ Shop Phones Plans Deals Int'l Roaming Support FAQs Newsroom Coverage Map Find a Store Activate Sign In Hi, {Username} EN EN ES ✕ My Boost Shop Phones Plans International Deals Support FAQs Newsroom Coverage Map Find a Store Language EN ES Sign In Sign Out ✕ Shop Int'l Roaming Support FAQs Newsroom Coverage Map Find a Store EN EN ES Hi, [[first_name]] ✕ My Boost Activate Shop International Support FAQs Newsroom Coverage Map Find a Store Account Dashboard Payments Account Settings Order History Payment Settings Language EN ES Sign In Sign Out The Power of Support Find answers to all of your questions Support Home Legal Privacy Policy Boost Mobile Privacy Notice Effective Date: July 01, 2023 ver en español This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) explains how Boost Mobile  and its affiliates collect, use,  and disclose information about Boost subscribers and others who visit Boost’s websites, view Boost's advertisements, or interact with Boost products or services (the “Services”).  In this Notice, the terms “Boost”, “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to Boost Mobile and its affiliates, which collectively own and/or operate the Boost Mobile branded products and services including both websites and apps.  The term “you” refers to you as a subscriber to or user of our Services. California Notice at Collection We collect the categories of personal information (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)) listed in the table below. Category of Personal Information Collected Sold or Shared Identifiers, including names, postal addresses, email addresses, online identifiers, IP addresses, account names, and other similar identifiers. Yes Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute , including bank account numbers, credit/debit card numbers, and other financial information. No Protected classification characteristics under California law , including sex/gender, marital status, and age (over 40). No Commercial information, including information regarding products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Yes Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information regarding interactions with an internet website, application, or advertisement. Yes Imprecise location data, such as general location of devices or IP address. Yes Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, including phone call recordings and chat recordings. No Professional or employment-related information, including employment status and history. No Education information, including education history. No Inferences, meaning inferences drawn from any of the information in the above-listed categories of information to create profiles about consumers. Yes Sensitive personal information, including account log-in information in combination with passwords and information revealing consumers’ racial or ethnic origin. No As further described in this Notice, we generally collect and use the above-listed categories of personal information to provide and manage the Services and achieve legitimate business or commercial purposes. As noted in the table above, we “sell” or “share” (as these terms are defined in the CCPA) certain categories of personal information, and you may exercise your right to opt out of such disclosures by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of our website www.boostmobile.com/ and following the instructions. We retain each category of personal information that we collect for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Notice, including to satisfy legal or reporting requirements. More information, including a description of your legal rights, can be found below in the “ State Privacy Rights ” section. Personal Information We Collect How We Use Personal Information Personal Information We Disclose Information We Use For Advertising Purposes Network and Information Security Information Choices and Changes Third-Party Services and Websites State Privacy Rights Questions or Concerns Changes to This Notice Personal Information We Collect There are several ways we collect information about you. Information you give us: The personal information we collect includes information you give us, such as name, postal address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, government issued identification, social security number or other government identification number, demographics, activities, location information, profile picture, and personal preferences. You may give us information in a variety of ways, including when you sign up for or use Services, communicate with Customer Care or register for one of the Services. If we have trouble processing your order, the contact information you provide is used to get in touch with you. We also use this contact information to provide you with updates regarding your current phone or service and to provide you with information about Boost Mobile promotions and special offers. We may offer the opportunity to participate in contests, giveaways, or other similar promotions we sponsor. Except as explained otherwise in the rules for a particular contest, giveaway, or promotion, any personal information you provide will be used in accordance with this Notice. Usage Information: Certain types of information are collected whenever you use our Services. This includes: ●      Information about your device such as the type, version of operating system, signal strength, and whether it is on and how it is functioning. ●      Information about how you use the device and services available through it, such as your call and data usage and history, your location, websites you have visited, applications purchased, downloaded or used, and other similar information. We may use systems or tools to analyze your use of our Services and other applications, along with analysis of network and device information. We may link information we automatically collect with other personal information, such as information you give us at registration and check out. Cookies and other technologies: We and/or other companies we work with may use cookies, web beacons, pixels, tags, and similar technologies on or through our Services, as well as third parties' websites, platforms, and electronic communications to understand users online behavior and to collect certain information, including statistics about website and platform usage, broad demographic information, IP addresses, browser type, device type, Internet Service Provider, referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, number of clicks, and other similar information. We also may use session replay software, which collects information about your interaction with the Services, including keystrokes, mouse movements, and form field entries, and may monitor your interactions with the Services, including for our compliance verification purposes. If you use our website chat function, we collect and store information in connection with your use of that function, including personal identifiers and the content of the chat. You can access our Services even when you’ve disabled certain cookies, but you may not be automatically recognized upon revisiting. Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics and Signals in Google Analytics. This updates existing Google Analytics features (advertising reports, remarketing, cross-device reports, and reports on interests and demographics) to provide aggregated and anonymized information about you, provided you have allowed personalized ads in your Google Account. You can learn more about Google’s data practices and your privacy choices by visiting google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ . Google provides an opt out of Google Analytics by downloading and installing the browser add-on located at tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. Information from other sources: We may obtain information about you from outside sources, including public sources, and add to it or combine it with your account information. For example, we receive information from the retailer from whom you purchased your Boost Mobile phone or device prior to initiating service with us. We also may use demographic and marketing information from third parties to help us better serve you or inform you about products or services that we think will be of interest to you. Children’s information: We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16. You should be aware that if you purchase a Boost device and allow a child under the age of 16 to use it, any information collected from the usage of that device will appear to be your personal information and treated as such under this Notice. How long we keep your information: We retain personal information about you for the amount of time necessary to provide our Services and for as long as required to satisfy legal or tax requirements, for fraud prevention, or for other business purposes. If we de-identify information, we will maintain and use the information in de-identified form and not attempt to re-identify the information except as required or permitted by law. - Back to Top How We Use Personal Information We use the personal information we collect primarily for business or commercial activities, which may include using your personal information to: ●      provide, operate, and maintain our Services; ●      carry out billing and collection activities; ●      communicate with you (e.g., to contact you for administrative purposes or to send you important updates and communications about this Notice and/or other applicable terms); ●      confirm that you are receiving the level(s) of service requested and are properly billed; ●      identify when changes are made to your account or services; ●      tell you about products or services from Boost Mobile or others that may be of interest, including, and as permitted by law, by email, telemarketing, direct mail and wireless messages; ●      understand your use of our Services in order to make  improvements and personalize them; ●      administer  user surveys to collect your recommendations, reviews, and feedback; ●      send you marketing and promotional communications, including emails about the Services and products or services of select business partners; ●      deliver addressable or tailored advertising to you within the Services, via email, or through third-party websites and platforms; ●      detect fraud and unauthorized reception of our Services; ●      determine whether applicable policies and terms of service are being violated; ●      perform statistical or qualitative research and analysis; ●      maintain our “do not contact” lists; ●      comply with applicable law; ●      support our business operations and business transactions; and ●      carry out other uses as necessary to provide our Services. We will also use your personal information as described to you at the point of information collection or with your consent. Additionally, we will use your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, privacy, safety, property, and/or those of others. We may  aggregate, and/or de-identify information such that it does not reasonably identify you and use such information for other business and marketing purposes. We may combine the various types of information we collect and receive from and about you, including account information,  usage information,  information collected offline, across other computers or devices that you may use, and information received from corporate affiliates and third-party sources. Where applicable, we will use, disclose, and protect the combined information as described in this Notice. - Back to Top Personal Information We Disclose We may disclose information we collect from and about you with others as follows: DISH Affiliates: We disclose your personal information to DISH affiliates, such as AirTV, DISH, Boost Infinite, and Sling TV. Our Service providers: We disclose personal information to third parties that provide business, marketing, payment processing, or technical support services to us and/or administer activities on our behalf. Our service providers may also include professional advisors (e.g., lawyers, accountants, auditors, etc.). Our analytics providers: We disclose your personal information to parties that assist us in performing analytics and help us measure the effectiveness of the Services and our marketing and advertising efforts. Mailing list partners: We may disclose your name and postal address to other parties, such as charities, marketing organizations, corporate affiliates, or other businesses for “mailing list” purposes.  Any such disclosure for “mailing list” purposes would be limited to your name and postal address, and the disclosure would not reveal, directly or indirectly: (i) the extent of your viewing or use of a television service or the  Services; or (ii) the nature of any transactions facilitated by us. Corporate entities for business transfers: We may transfer your personal information if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy, or other change of ownership or control. For example, if another entity acquires us or any of our assets, personal information we have collected may be transferred to such entity. In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, personal information we have collected may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personal information we have collected in connection with the Services in a manner that is consistent with this Notice. Law Enforcement or other third parties for legal, compliance, and safety purposes: We may be required by law to comply with a valid legal process, such as a subpoena, court order, or search warrant, or where there is a lawful request, to disclose information about you. We may also disclose  information about you to protect our customers, employees, or property; in emergency situations; and to enforce our rights under our terms of service and policies, in court or elsewhere. Disclosure of De-identified or Aggregated Information: 1. Aggregated and de-identified information We may disclose information collected or received from or about you in de-identified and/or aggregate formats. We may disclose this information to companies that collect and compile consumer data, including those that create reports about what programs people watch. 2. To advertisers and companies that provide advertising services We may also disclose information with our advertisers and our advertising service providers about when, where, and how (e.g., streaming device, mobile device, or computer) an advertisement was viewed. We may also tell them certain pieces of demographic information about your household. We will not tell the advertiser which individuals or households watched the advertisement. Advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may use cookies, web beacons, tags, and other  technologies to collect information from or about you to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. For more information about advertising, see the “Information We Use for Advertising Purposes” section below. - Back to Top Information We Use for Advertising Purposes We may use information about you for marketing or advertising purposes in the following ways: ● To provide you with advertising for our Services .  We may use information we have collected or received from or about you through use of the Service or from third parties to provide you with marketing information, offers and advertisements for our Services or to exclude you from receiving certain marketing information, offers or advertisements. Our activities with respect to such marketing information, offers and advertisements may occur through our Services or third-party websites and platforms. ● To provide you with more relevant online advertising . We and our advertising partners may also use information obtained about you through your use of our Services or from third-parties, or gathered through cookies and similar technologies, to deliver more relevant online advertising to you across other computers, devices, websites, and online services that you may use (“interest-based advertising”). Advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may use cookies, web beacons, tags, and other technologies to collect information from or about you to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. You may be able to opt out of certain types of interest-based advertising as described below in the “Information Choices and Changes” section. ● To provide others with more relevant advertising .  We and our advertising partners may also use information collected from or about you by us or our advertising partners and information we obtain about you from third parties to deliver advertising that is targeted for individuals with similar interests.  We may combine aggregated and/or de-identified information to create groups based on actual or assumed shared interests and/or factual characteristics.  We also combine information about the programming that our customers watch on the Services with their common interests to help us figure out what advertising may be most relevant. - Back to Top Network and Information Security We maintain a variety of safeguards. These safeguards help protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Be sure to use a strong password to access your information on our Services, and not one you use for other services. - Back to Top Information Choices and Changes Marketing and promotional communications: You can opt out of receiving marketing and promotional communications from us or manage your preferences at any time through your account settings. You can also opt out of receiving marketing and promotional communications from us by following the instructions included in any such communication that you receive from us. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing and promotional communications from us, you will still receive non-marketing or transactional messages from us, including messages about your account and responses to your inquiries/requests. Cookies and Do Not Track: Certain parts of our Services require cookies.  You may adjust your device or Internet browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be automatically recognized upon revisiting and may not be able to use certain features of the Services or take full advantage of all of our offerings.  Please refer to your device’s settings or your Internet browser’s “Help” section for more information on how to delete and/or disable your device or browser from receiving cookies or controlling your tracking preferences. We might not recognize “Do Not Track” requests or headers from some or all Internet browsers. Interest-based online advertising choices: To understand your choices for receiving more relevant online advertising, please review the information below: To learn more about interest-based advertising, and to opt out of collection and use of information about your online activities for interest-based advertising by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) participating companies, please visit https://www.aboutads.info/choices/ . To opt out of targeted advertising through mobile applications, please visit https://youradchoices.com/appchoices . To opt out of collection and use of information about your online activities for interest-based advertising by Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) member companies, please visit https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . To opt out of certain interest-based advertising provided by the Trade Desk you can visit https://adsrvr.org/ . To opt out of personalized advertising delivered by LiveRamp visit https://liveramp.com/opt_out/ . Even if you opt out, you will still receive advertising from us and third parties.  You may also still receive advertising from us or third parties that is customized based on information we’ve collected or received from or about you or on information about your online activities from third parties that are not DAA or NAI participating companies. If you would like to change certain Boost account information, you may create an online account and manage your account online. For more information, visit our website. - Back to Top Third-Party Services and Websites When you access a third-party service, application, or website, even when doing so through our Services, you should review the privacy statements of the third party to understand what information they may collect and keep. We are not responsible for the practices of such third parties. You may also choose, when available, to connect your account with third-party accounts, including with third-party social networks. If you share information about your usage of or activities on our Services with such third-party accounts, then the collection, use, and disclosure of such information will be subject to that third party’s privacy policies, which may differ from our own. We are not responsible for the practices of such third parties. - Back to Top State Privacy Rights California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia California, Colorado, Connecticut and Virginia give residents the right to know what categories of personal information are collected about them and how it will be used, disclosed, and sold or shared. The purpose of this section of the Notice is to provide residents of these states with a description of our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, correction, deletion, and sale or sharing of personal information. Categories of Personal Information Collected: We have collected the following categories of personal information about consumers in the preceding 12 months. Types of Personal Information We Collect Examples Primary Purpose for Collection Identifiers Identifiers such as name, postal address, device identifiers, internet protocol (IP) address, email address, and account name. Account creation, personalization and facilitating usage of the Service, internal marketing, to prevent fraud and detect security incidents, to communicate important information; internal operations and compliance. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute Name, postal address, telephone number, bank account number, and credit/debit card information, and other financial information Account creation, personalization and facilitating usage of the Service, internal marketing, to prevent fraud and detect security incidents, to communicate important information; internal operations and compliance. Characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law Gender, marital status, age Account creation, personalization, and marketing Commercial information Information regarding products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, credit score, or demographic information Account creation, personalization, internal marketing, internal operations and compliance. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information Customer service call recordings and website chat interactions, or other communications with Boost, including personal identifiers, call and chat content and other website interactions. Training, to prevent fraud and criminal activity, operational analytics, and to comply with applicable laws Internet or other electronic network activity information Information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement, browser information, web analytics, including IP address, time of visit, page(s) visited, cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies; information about your use of our network Facilitating usage of the Services, personalization, internal marketing and operations, and to prevent fraud and detect security incidents Geolocation data Imprecise location data, such as general location of devices or IP address. Provision, development, and optimization of our Services; marketing and interest-based advertising; and to comply with applicable laws Education information Education history Account creation and facilitating usage of service Professional or employment-related information Employment status and history Account creation and facilitating usage of service Inferences drawn from any of the above information to create a profile about a consumer Consumer preferences, characteristics, trends, and behavior Development and optimization of Services, personalization, and internal marketing Sensitive personal information A consumer's account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account Account creation/management Demographic information such as racial or ethnic origin and religious beliefs Personalization and marketing Precise Geolocation Provision, development, and optimization of our Services Categories of Personal Information Sold or Shared: We sell or share the following categories of personal information: identifiers, imprecise geolocation such as IP address, inferences, commercial information and internet or other electronic network activity information.  We sell or share these categories of personal information to data analytics providers, advertising partners and/or networks, social networks, and data brokers.  We do not knowingly sell or share personal information about persons under the age of sixteen. Categories of Sources of Personal Information: We collect the personal information identified in the chart above from the following categories of sources: From you and your transactions with us, such as when you request a product or service, or give us your contact information From our affiliates From others, including consumer reporting agencies and third parties that provide us with demographic and other information From publicly available sources Personal Information We Disclose for a Business Purpose: There are a number of circumstances where we disclose personal information to companies who work on our behalf to help us provide the Services.  We disclose the categories of personal information described in the chart above to affiliates and other companies to provide the Services; measure the performance of our network and your devices; and for eligibility verification, fulfillment, and administrative purposes. Your Data Rights: Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia have the right to request certain actions with respect to their personal information. Residents of these states may: ●      Request that we disclose what categories and specific pieces of personal information we collected about you in the preceding 12 months, the business purposes for such collection, the categories of sources from which we collected the information, the categories of personal information we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients of such information ●      Request deletion of any personal information about you that we have collected from you subject to certain legal exceptions ●      Correct inaccuracies of any personal information about you we have collected from you ●      Opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, or of targeted advertising ●      Appeal the denial of any of your access requests If you choose to exercise these rights, you will not receive discriminatory treatment by us for your exercise of your rights. How to submit an access, deletion, or correction request: If you would like to submit a privacy rights request for access, deletion, or correction please contact us at (833-502-6678) or visit our Privacy Portal at boostmobile.com/yourprivacychoices . How to opt out of the sale or share of personal information, or of targeted advertising: To opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information or targeted advertising, please please contact us at (833-502-6678) or visit our Privacy Portal at boostmobile.com/yourprivacychoices . Verification of your identity: To process your request for access, deletion, or correction we must be able to verify your identity to a reasonable degree of certainty. To do so, you must provide the required identifying information when completing the online request form or making a request through one of our customer service agents. We will ask you to provide your contact information and an additional identifier based on your relationship with us. Before we process your request, we will match these data points with data points we currently maintain to verify your identity and your relationship with us. Responding to your deletion requests: Please note that we may not be required to delete information under certain circumstances such as exemptions for data that is necessary to complete a transaction, detect security incidents, or for certain other internal purposes. Authorized agent requests: You can designate an authorized agent to make a request to know, delete, correct, or opt-out on your behalf. When you use an authorized agent to submit a request for access or deletion, you must provide the authorized agent with written permission to do so, and, in certain circumstances, we may ask you to verify your own identity directly with us. We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf. Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information: California residents have the right to limit the use of their sensitive personal information. Boost Mobile does not use or disclose sensitive personal information without your consent for purposes other than those specified in the CCPA. Nevada SB 220: Nevada law permits Nevada residents to make certain requests about how their personal information is shared with third parties or affiliated companies. To make such a request, please visit our Privacy Portal at boostmobile.com/yourprivacychoices . - Back to Top Questions or Concerns If you have any questions about, or complaints that concern this Notice, please click on the Customer Support tab or call Boost Customer Care toll-free at 833-50-BOOST ( 833-502-6678 ). If you prefer, you also may write us at DISH Legal Department, Attn: Privacy, P.O. Box 6655, Englewood, CO 80155-6655. - Back to Top Changes to this Notice We may modify this Notice at any time.  We will notify you of any material changes (or changes required by applicable law) through written, electronic, or other means as permitted by law. - Back to Top Need More Help? Other Resources My Boost › Find a Store › Frequently Asked Questions › Contact Us Chat Now › Call 833-50-BOOST ( 833-502-6678 ) Connect Facebook › Instagram › Twitter › Find a Store Deals Trade-In FAQs Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) Boost Blog Affiliate Partner Program Become a Boost Retailer Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy Notice Your Privacy Choices Do Not Contact © 2023 DISH Wireless L.L.C. All rights reserved.