LG Electronics Privacy Center If you're seeing this message, that means <strong>JavaScript has been disabled on your browser</strong>, please <strong>enable JS</strong> to make this app work. Skip to navigation Skip to sidebar Skip to main content Your data, your choices. Show me how the Privacy Center works → Our Policies View Past Requests Make a Privacy Request Privacy Policy A. Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It B. How We Use Information C. Sharing Your Information D. Your Control and Choices E. State Privacy Rights Notice F. International Transfer of Information G. Collection and Use of Information from Children Under the Age of 16 H. Third Party Web Sites I. Security J. Changes to this Privacy Policy K. Contact Us Financial Incentives Privacy Notices 10% Discount & LG 65-inch OLED C-2 Television/LG gram SuperSlim 15.6" OLED Laptop Sweepstakes LG Partner Store Messaging Program: Subscribe to Email and SMS communications and receive a bonus 10% off sales price of select products LG For Education Discount Program: Sign up for Email communications and receive an additional 20% discount on select items valid September 25, 2023, through December 31, 2023 We're taking a different approach to privacy Show Me Privacy Policy Effective Date: July 3, 2023 Please click here to view the previous version of our Privacy Policy. California Notice at Collection: See the State Privacy Rights Notice below for important information about your rights under applicable state privacy laws. Introduction Like all companies, LG Electronics U.S.A. Inc. (“ LGEUS ”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, “ LG ,” “ we ” or “ us ”) has the ability to collect information, from and about its consumers in a number of ways. This information, including personal information, is enormously helpful to us as we strive to further develop and promote our products and services and to enhance your experience while using them. We appreciate that you trust us with your information, and we understand that not everyone wants to share their information in the same way. We respect your rights and choices when it comes to what information is collected and how it is used. In this Privacy Policy, you will find a description of how we collect personal information, the types of personal information LG collects, how it is used and shared, and how long it is retained. We also explain how to communicate your preferences and exercise your rights regarding your information. While LG provides many products and services, this Privacy Policy applies only to (i) LG websites where it is posted or referenced (“LG Websites”), (ii) LG connected devices (such as home appliances), (iii) the ThinQ mobile app (“ThinQ App”), (iv) the LG Account, (v) the LG Chatbot, (vi) LG customer service calls, (vii) our marketing and sales activities and other communications (including by email and SMS/text message), (viii) LG product registration, and (ix) any other product or service that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Services”). For LG Smart TV, LG Channels, or Smart Media Product users, please see the separate Smart TV Privacy Policy for details of how LG processes personal information in the course of providing its Smart TV / Media Product service. Please note that we may combine information we collect among our services, including the Services described above as well as the Smart TV / Media Product service, and across your devices for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. LG is also excited to offer you the opportunity to sign up for an “LG Account” to access and manage many of the Services as well as other offerings that are not covered under this Privacy Policy, such as Smart TV and LG Developer. This Privacy Policy applies to your use of an LG Account, which constitutes a “Service” as that term is used in this Privacy Policy, but additional offerings are subject to their own privacy policies and to the extent that there are any inconsistencies between this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy applicable to the particular offering, the privacy policy applicable to the offering will prevail. A. Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It When you use any of the Services, personal information may be collected directly from you, automatically from your device, or from third parties, as described below. 1. Information You Provide to Us. Personal information you may provide to us through the Services (for example, when you create an LG Account, register a device, make a purchase, review a product, or contact us), includes: Contact data, such as your first and last name, email address, billing and mailing addresses, professional title and company name, and phone number. Demographic data, such as your date of birth. Account data, such as the User ID and password that you may set to establish an LG Account, a profile photo, and any other information that you add to your account profile. Communications data, based on our exchanges with you, including when you contact us with questions or feedback or support/repair requests, through the Service, social media, or otherwise. We may record phone calls made to our customer service for quality assurance purposes. Payment and transactional data, such as information relating to or needed to complete your orders and/or payments on or through the Service (including payment card information and billing information), and your purchase history. Marketing data, such as your preferences for receiving our marketing communications and details about your engagement with them. User-generated content data, such as profile pictures, photos, images, music, videos, comments, questions, messages, works of authorship, and other content or information that you generate, transmit, or otherwise make available on the Service, as well as associated metadata. Metadata includes information on how, when, where and by whom a piece of content was collected and how that content has been formatted or edited. Metadata also includes information that users can add or can have added to their content, such as keywords, geographical or location information, and other similar data. Promotion and survey data, including information you share when you enter a competition, promotion, or complete a survey. Please note that if you participate in a sweepstakes, contest, or giveaway through the Services, we may ask you for your contact data to notify you if you win or not, to verify your identity, determine your eligibility, and/or to send you prizes. In some situations, we may need additional information as a part of the entry process, such as a prize selection choice. These sweepstakes and contests are voluntary. We recommend that you read the rules and other relevant information for each sweepstakes and contest that you enter. Other data not specifically listed here, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection. 2. Third-party Sources. We may combine personal information we receive from you with personal information we obtain from other sources, including our corporate affiliates, as well as: Public sources, such as social media platforms, and other publicly available sources. Private sources, such as data providers, social media platforms, data licensors, other marketing partners, and log-in services, such as social media services, that you use to log into, or otherwise link to, your LG Account. 3. Automatic Data Collection. We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Service, our communications, and other online services, such as: Device data, such as your computer or mobile device’s operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, RAM and disk size, CPU usage, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), IP address, UUID, unique identifiers (including identifiers used for advertising purposes), language settings, mobile device carrier, Caller ID, radio/network information (e.g., Wi-Fi, LTE, 3G), ad-blocking information, network information, charge status, other log information, and general location information such as city, state or geographic area. Online activity data, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, the website you visited before browsing to the Service, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times and duration of access, and whether you have opened our emails or clicked links within them. Precise geolocation data when you authorize the ThinQ app to access your mobile device’s location. Communication interaction data such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded in our emails. We may also collect the following information in connection with the ThinQ App: Connected Device Details, such as unique identification value, model number, manufacture number, software version information, information collected via device sensors, and geolocation information about your device. Audio-visual Information. We may collect audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as video recordings. Cookies and similar technologies. Some of the automatic collection described above is facilitated by the following technologies: Cookies, which are small text files that websites store on user devices and that allow web servers to record users’ web browsing activities and remember their submissions, preferences, and login status as they navigate a site. Cookies used on our sites include both “session cookies” that are deleted when a session ends, “persistent cookies” that remain longer, “first party” cookies that we place and “third party” cookies that our third-party business partners and service providers place. Local storage technologies, like HTML5, that provide cookie-equivalent functionality but can store larger amounts of data on your device outside of your browser in connection with specific applications. Web beacons, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, which are used to demonstrate that a webpage or email was accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked. Session-replay technologies, such as those provided by Hotjar that employ software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to watch DVR-like replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements, scrolls, and keystrokes during those sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement. You can learn more about Hotjar at https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/ and you can opt-out of session recording by Hotjar at https://www.hotjar.com/policies/do-not-track/ . Chat technologies that employ cookies and software code to operate the chat features that you can use to communicate with us through the Service. We and our third-party chat providers may access and use information about webpages visited on our website, your IP address, your general geographic information (e.g., city, state), and other personal information you share through online chats for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. B. How We Use Information We may use your personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection: Service delivery. We may use your personal information to: Provide, operate, and improve the Services; Process your payments and complete transactions with you; Establish and maintain an LG Account; Communicate with you about the Service and provide support, including by sending announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; enable security features of the Service, such as by sending you security codes via email or SMS, and remembering devices from which you have previously logged in; Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Services and our communications; and Provide support for the Service, and respond to your requests, questions and feedback. Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes: Direct marketing. We may send you direct marketing communications. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the “Your control and choices” section below. Interest-based advertising. Our third-party advertising partners may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interaction (including Network Activity) with the Service, our communications and other online services over time, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you. This is called interest-based advertising. We may also share information about our users with these companies to facilitate interest-based advertising to those or similar users on other online platforms. You can learn more about your choices for limiting interest-based advertising in the “Your control and choices” section below. Research and development. We may use your personal information for research and development purposes, including to analyze and improve the Services and our business. As part of these activities, we may create aggregated, de-identified and/or anonymized data from personal information we collect. We make personal information into de-identified or anonymized data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this aggregated, de-identified or otherwise anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Services and promote our business. Service improvement and analytics. We may use your personal information to analyze your usage of the Service, improve the Service, improve the rest of our business, help us understand user activity on the Service, including which pages are most and least visited and how visitors move around the Service, as well as user interactions with our emails, and to develop new products and services. To comply with our legal obligations. We may use your personal information to: comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities; protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements or our internal policies; enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Services; and prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft. Cookies and similar technologies. In addition to the other uses included in this section, we may use the Cookies and similar technologies described above for the following purposes: Technical operation. To allow the technical operation of the Service, such as by remembering your selections and preferences as you navigate the site, and whether you are logged in when you visit password protected areas of the Service. Functionality. To enhance the performance and functionality of our services. Advertising. To help our third-party advertising partners collect information about how you use the Service and other online services over time, which they use to show you ads on other online services they believe will interest you and measure how the ads perform. Analytics. To help us understand user activity on the Service, including which pages are most and least visited and how visitors move around the Service, as well as user interactions with our emails. For example, we use Google Analytics for this purpose. You can learn more about Google Analytics and how to prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our sites here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en . Retention. We generally retain personal information to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, to establish or defend legal claims, or for fraud prevention purposes. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we may consider factors such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. When we no longer require the personal information we have collected about you, we may either delete it, anonymize it, or isolate it from further processing. C. Sharing Your Information We may share your personal information with the following parties or as otherwise described at the time of collection: Affiliates. Other entities within our corporate umbrella (e.g., with our corporate parent, subsidiaries, and other affiliates) for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. Service providers. Third parties that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Services or our business (such as hosting, information technology, information security, customer support, customer management, payment processors, email delivery, marketing, consumer research and analytics). Advertising partners. Third-party advertising companies for the interest-based advertising purposes described above. Business and marketing partners. Third parties with whom we co-sponsor events or promotions, with whom we jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services may be of interest to you. Professional advisors. Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers, and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us. Authorities and others. Law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the compliance and protection purposes described above. Linked third-party services. If you log into the Services with, or otherwise link your LG Account to, a social media or other third-party service, we may share your personal information with that third-party service. The third party’s use of the shared information will be governed by its privacy policy and the settings associated with your LG Account with the third-party service. Business transferees. If we or our affiliates directly or indirectly undergo a business transition (including proposed transactions), such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part of our assets, we may share your personal information with the successor or potential successor organization, as well as their professional advisors. Other users and the public. Please note that if you submit information to a public portion of the Service (e.g., forums, chat rooms, product reviews, and other public posting areas), your information will be accessible by anyone and LG makes no representations as to how other persons may use that public information. Please do not post or submit personal information to public areas within the Services if you do not want to make that information public. D. Your Control and Choices In this section, we describe the choices available to all users. While we treat all users the same, users who are located in California can find information about their rights below. Information you provide to us. You are in control of the information that you choose to directly provide to us. This privacy policy explains how we will treat any information that you choose to submit directly via the Services. Your accounts. If you have registered for an LG Account, you may review, update, and correct certain account information by logging into the account. SMS users. Although all LG alerts and promotions are complimentary, message and data rates may apply. Depending on your text plan, you may be charged by your carrier. By enrolling in SMS messaging, you certify that you are over 18 years of age and (a) you are the LG Account holder or (b) you have the account holder’s permission to do so. As mobile access and text message delivery is subject to your mobile carrier network availability, such access and delivery is not guaranteed. LG is not responsible for any delays upon sending or receiving text messages. You may opt out of text delivery at any time by replying STOP. Alternatively, you may email usprivacy@lge.com with your phone number and request to be removed from such SMS program. SMS notifications may include order confirmations, delivery reminders and service matters. Message frequency may vary. LG Electronics does not sell or share data collected in SMS campaigns to third parties. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. For Help, reply HELP or email to order@lgcns.com. Email communications. From time to time, we communicate with you with informational or marketing emails. For example, we may send you informational emails to confirm your request, to send you notice of payments, to send you information about changes to our products and services, and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law. Generally, you cannot opt-out of informational communications. Should you no longer wish to receive marketing emails, you may unsubscribe by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link within the text of the email. Alternatively, you may email usprivacy@lge.com and request to be unsubscribed from such marketing emails. Cookies. When accessing the Services via a web browser, LG may automatically collect information using web technologies like cookies, as described above. Many web browsers allow you to limit the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies and how to manage them at www.allaboutcookies.org . We have also included a few helpful links should you choose to do so here: Google Chrome , Internet Explorer , Firefox , Safari , and Opera . However, please be advised that when you limit or turn off certain cookies, certain Services may not be available to you. Mobile location data. You can disable our access to your device’s precise geolocation in your mobile device settings. Advertising choices. You may be able to limit use of your information for interest-based advertising through the following settings/options/tools: Browser settings. Changing your internet web browser settings to block third-party cookies. Privacy browsers/plug-ins. Using privacy browsers and/or ad-blocking browser plug-ins that let you block tracking technologies. Platform settings. Google and Facebook offer opt-out features that let you opt-out of use of your information for interest-based advertising. You may be able to exercise that option at the following websites: Google: https://adssettings.google.com/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/ads Ad industry tools. Opting out of interest-based ads from companies that participate in the following industry opt-out programs: Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp Digital Advertising Alliance: https://optout.aboutads.info AppChoices mobile app, available at https://www.youradchoices.com/appchoices , which will allow you to opt-out of interest-based ads in mobile apps served by participating members of the Digital Advertising Alliance. Mobile settings. Using your mobile device settings to limit use of the advertising ID associated with your mobile device for interest-based advertising purposes. You will need to apply these opt-out settings on each device and browser from which you wish to limit the use of your information for interest-based advertising purposes. We cannot offer any assurances as to whether the companies we work with participate in the opt-out programs described above. Do Not Track. Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services that you do not want them to track your online activities. The LG Website does not currently support Do Not Track requests. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com . Declining to provide information. We need to collect personal information to provide certain services. If you do not provide the information we identify as required or mandatory, we may not be able to provide those services. Linked third-party platforms. If you choose to connect to the Service through your social media account or other third-party platform, you may be able to use your settings in your account with that platform to limit the information we receive from it. If you revoke our ability to access information from a third-party platform, that choice will not apply to information that we have already received from that third party. Delete your content or close your account. You can choose to delete certain content through your account. If you wish to request to close your account, please contact us . E. State Privacy Rights Notice Except as otherwise provided, this section provides additional information to residents pursuant to state privacy laws including the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“ CCPA ”), the Colorado Privacy Act (“ CPA ”), the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (“ PDPOM ”), the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“ UCPA ”), and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“ CDPA ”) (collectively the “ State Privacy Laws ”). This section describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of residents of these states and the rights these users may have with respect to their Personal Information. Please note that not all rights listed below may be afforded to all users and that if you are not a resident of one of these states listed above, you may not be able to exercise these rights. In addition, we may not be able to process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to confirm your identity or understand and respond to it. For purposes of this section, the term “ Personal Information ” has the meaning given to “personal data,” “personal information,” or other similar terms in the State Privacy Laws and does not include information exempted from the scope of the State Privacy Laws. In some cases, we may provide a different privacy notice to certain categories of residents of these states, such as employees and job applicants, in which case that notice will apply instead of this section. Your privacy rights. The State Privacy Laws may provide residents with some or all of the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute and some State Privacy Laws do not provide these rights to their residents. Therefore, in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law. Information. You can request the following information about how we have collected, used, and disclosed your Personal Information: The categories of Personal Information that we have collected. The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information. The business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or selling/sharing Personal Information. The categories of Personal Information that we have shared or sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and for each category, the categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was disclosed. Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you. Appeal. You can appeal our denial of any request validly submitted. Correction. You can ask us to correct inaccurate Personal Information that we have collected about you. Deletion. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you. Opt-outs. Opt-out of “sharing” your Personal Information / processing for targeted advertising purposes. You can opt-out of the “sharing” of your Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA) and the processing of your Personal Information for targeted advertising purposes (under the other State Privacy Laws). Opt-out of sales of Personal Information. You can opt-out of other “sales” of your Personal Information. Opt-out of “profiling.” You can opt-out of the automated processing of personal information to evaluate, analyze, or predict personal aspects about an individual in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning such individual. Nondiscrimination. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA. Exercising your right to information, access, appeal, correction, deletion, and other rights. You may submit requests to exercise these rights using our Privacy Portal by clicking " Make a Privacy Request " above or by calling toll-free 800-243-0000. Exercising your right to opt-out of “sales” or “sharing” (or processing for targeted advertising purposes). While we do not sell personal information for money, like many companies, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you as described above. The State Privacy Laws may classify our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services, or processing Personal Information for targeted advertising purposes. You can submit requests to opt-out of “sharing” (or processing for targeted advertising purposes) or other “sales” of Personal Information, to the extent applicable, here . We may sell or share the following categories of Personal Information with advertising partners or with our business and marketing partners: contact data; demographic; profile data; communications data (excluding contents of communications); transactional data; marketing data; user-generated content; relationship data; financial data; promotion data, data about others, device data, online activity data; precise geolocation data; communication interaction data; data derived from the above. Verification of identity; Authorized agents. We may need to verify your identity in order to process your information/know, access, appeal, correction, or deletion requests and reserve the right to confirm your residency. To verify your identity, we may require government identification, a declaration under penalty of perjury, or other information, where permitted by law. LG may ask you to sign into your LG Account, to provide information about your LG products, or provide other confirming information. Under some State Privacy Laws, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf. However, we may need to verify your authorized agent’s identity and authority to act on your behalf. We may require a copy of a valid power of attorney given to your authorized agent pursuant to applicable law. If you have not provided your agent with such a power of attorney, we may ask you to take additional steps permitted by law to verify that your request is authorized, such as by providing your agent with written and signed permission to exercise your State Privacy Laws rights on your behalf, the information we request to verify your identity, and confirmation that you have given the authorized agent permission to submit the request. In order for us to honor a request made by your agent, you must submit proof of your written authorization of the agent to usprivacy@lge.com prior to submitting a request. Financial incentives privacy notice We periodically offer our customers the opportunity to participate in sweepstakes, contests or promotional offers (“Financial Incentives”). Financial Incentives may be subject to additional terms that supplement this Privacy Policy. These will be provided or referenced at time of offer and can also be found here . Information practices. The following describes our practices currently and during the past 12 months: Sources and purposes . We collect all categories of personal information from the sources and use them for the business/commercial purposes described above in the Privacy Policy. Sensitive personal information. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes that California residents have a right to limit under the CCPA. Retention . The criteria for deciding how long to retain personal information is generally based on whether such period is sufficient to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it as described in this notice, including complying with our legal obligations. Collection and disclosure . The chart below describes the personal information we collect by reference to the categories of personal information specified in the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code §1798.140), and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose it. The terms in the chart refer to the categories of information and third parties described above in this Privacy Policy in more detail. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described below. We may also disclose personal information to professional advisors, law enforcement and government authorities, and business transferees, or otherwise with your consent, as described above in the Sharing Your Information section of this Privacy Policy.Please click here to view the previous version of our Privacy Policy. Statutory category / Personal Information (“PI”) we collect in this category Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose Identifiers Contact data Account data Device data Connected Device Details Affiliates Service providers Linked third-party services California Customer Records (as defined in California Civil Code §1798.80) Contact data Demographic data Account data Communications data Payment and transactional data Commercial data Marketing data User-generated content data Connected Device Details Audio-visual information Device data Online activity data Precise geolocation data Affiliates Service providers Linked third-party services Commercial Information Payment and transactional data Commercial data Marketing data Affiliates Service providers Financial Information Payment and transactional data Affiliates Service providers Internet or Network Information Connected Device Details Device data Online activity data Affiliates Service providers Geolocation Data Connected Device Details Precise geolocation data Affiliates Service providers Statutory category / Personal Information (“PI”) we collect in this category Identifiers Contact data Account data Device data Connected Device Details Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose Affiliates Service providers Linked third-party services Statutory category / Personal Information (“PI”) we collect in this category California Customer Records (as defined in California Civil Code §1798.80) Contact data Demographic data Account data Communications data Payment and transactional data Commercial data Marketing data User-generated content data Connected Device Details Audio-visual information Device data Online activity data Precise geolocation data Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose Affiliates Service providers Linked third-party services Statutory category / Personal Information (“PI”) we collect in this category Commercial Information Payment and transactional data Commercial data Marketing data Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose Affiliates Service providers Statutory category / Personal Information (“PI”) we collect in this category Financial Information Payment and transactional data Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose Affiliates Service providers Statutory category / Personal Information (“PI”) we collect in this category Internet or Network Information Connected Device Details Device data Online activity data Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose Affiliates Service providers Statutory category / Personal Information (“PI”) we collect in this category Geolocation Data Connected Device Details Precise geolocation data Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose Affiliates Service providers Statutory category / Personal Information (“PI”) we collect in this category Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose Inferences May be derived from: Contact data Demographic data Account data Commercial data Marketing data User-generated content data Connected Device Details Audio-visual Information Device data Online activity data Precise geolocation data Affiliates Service providers Protected Classification Characteristics We do not intentionally collect this information but it may be revealed in other information we collect N/A Sensory Information User-generated content data Communications data Audio-visual Information Affiliates Service providers Statutory category / Personal Information (“PI”) we collect in this category Inferences May be derived from: Contact data Demographic data Account data Commercial data Marketing data User-generated content data Connected Device Details Audio-visual Information Device data Online activity data Precise geolocation data Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose Affiliates Service providers Statutory category / Personal Information (“PI”) we collect in this category Protected Classification Characteristics We do not intentionally collect this information but it may be revealed in other information we collect Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose N/A Statutory category / Personal Information (“PI”) we collect in this category Sensory Information User-generated content data Communications data Audio-visual Information Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose Affiliates Service providers Additional information for California residents. California Shine the Light. You have the right to be provided with a description of any categories of information that we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes and to know the identity of those third parties. To make such requests please contact us at usprivacy@lge.com . California Eraser Law. If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and are a registered user of the Services, then you may request that we remove any submission you publicly posted on or in the Services. To request removal of a submission, please email a detailed description of the submission to usprivacy@lge.com . You may also be able to log into your account and delete your own submission. LGEUS reserves the right to ask you to provide information that enables us to confirm that the submission in question was created and posted by you. Additional information for Nevada residents. Nevada residents have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personal information for monetary consideration. While we do not currently engage in such sales, if you are a Nevada resident and would like to make a request to opt out of any potential future sales, please email usprivacy@lge.com . F. International Transfer of Information In providing you with the Services, we may share or transfer your information within our corporate umbrella (e.g., with its parent company headquartered in South Korea) or with third-party service providers that are outside of the United States. G. Collection and Use of Information from Children Under the Age of 16 Our Services are made available to users aged 16 years and older. We do not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to use its Services. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 16, we will comply with applicable legal requirements to delete that information. If you are a parent or guardian of a child from whom you believe we have collected personal information in a manner prohibited by law, please contact us using the information specified in the Contact Us section below. H. Third Party Web Sites This privacy policy applies solely to information collected via the Services. The Services may contain links to other web sites or services. Any information you provide to these third parties is subject to that third party’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites. I. Security We make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems. However, no data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to us is done at your own risk. J. Changes to this Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time in our sole discretion. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the top of this privacy policy. If material changes are made to the privacy policy, we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the Services or via email at the email address we have on file for you. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to keep up to date on how we are handling your personal information. K. Contact Us LG Account-related questions: contact.lgaccount@lge.com . ThinQ-related questions: thinq@lge.com , 800-243-0000 . Privacy-related questions: usprivacy@lge.com , or via post: LGEUS, 111 Sylvan Avenue, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632. All information you provide in any written communication will also be covered by this policy. Our Approach to Privacy Return to Main Site