Privacy Policy | Pottery Barn Skip to Content Pottery Barn Kids Pottery Barn Teen Pottery Barn Dorm Williams Sonoma Williams Sonoma Home West Elm Rejuvenation Mark & Graham GreenRow Do Not Sell My Personal Information My Store Jordan Creek Town Center Opens Today 10am - 9pm My Store, Jordan Creek Town Center Opens Today 10am - 9pm In-store pickup is available during store hours. Select a Store Search Jordan Creek Town Center 101 Jordan Creek Pkwy, Suite 11290, West Des Moines, IA 50266 8181 (515) 224-9503 Mon - Thurs:
      10am - 8pm Fri - Sat:
      10am - 9pm Sun:
      11am - 6pm Geneva Commons 302 Commons Drive, Space #2070, Geneva, IL 60134 2524 (630) 262-8318 Mon - Sat:
      10am - 7pm Sun:
      11am - 6pm Deer Park Town Center 20530 N. Rand Road, Space #248, Deer Park, IL 60010 7233 (847) 550-6763 Mon - Sat:
      10am - 8pm Sun:
      11am - 5pm Oakbrook 21 Oak Brook Center, POTTERY BARN #285, Oakbrook, IL 60523 1809 (630) 572-3307 Mon - Thurs:
      10am - 8pm Fri - Sat:
      10am - 9pm Sun:
      11am - 6pm Renaissance Place 1850 Second St, Space # 104, Highland Park, IL 60035 3158 (847) 681-9873 Mon - Sat:
      10am - 6pm Sun:
      11am - 5pm See if you’re pre-approved : Earn 10% in rewards¹ today with a Pottery Barn credit card. › Item 1 of 1 In-Store Events Free Design Services Business to Business Wedding Registry Baby Registry Sustainability Account Sign In / Create an Account B2B Member Sign-in Track Order Key Rewards Pottery Barn Credit Card Favorites Registry Recents Favorites Cart 0 Pottery Barn search SEARCH SUGGESTIONS Close Pottery Barn search SEARCH SUGGESTIONS Close New & Featured Dropdown New New Arrivals The Christmas Shop Holiday Bedding Holiday Entertaining The Gingerbread Shop Iconic Faux Fur Our Favorite Gifts Featured Quick Ship Furniture Swivel Chairs Statement Chandeliers Bathroom Renovation Accessible Home Collaborations Elf National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation Julia Berolzheimer Peanuts Sweet July by Ayesha Curry Monique Lhuillier Pure Salt Rugs Sherwin-Williams New Arrivals › The Christmas Shop › Bestsellers Dropdown Bestsellers Furniture Outdoor & Garden Bedding Bath Lighting Rugs Windows Pillows & Decor Art & Mirrors Tabletop & Bar Organization All Bestsellers Bestselling Furniture › Bestselling Belgian Flax Linen › Bestselling Mason Collection › Ideas & Inspiration Dropdown Holiday Lookbook Shop the Look Bedding Looks Pillow Pairings Table Settings Trees & Mantels #mypotterybarn Shop Rooms Living Room Bedroom Dining Room Kitchen Entryway Home Office Bathroom Outdoor Design Resources How to Find the Perfect Rug How to Style Your Windows How to Hang Artwork How to Design a Gallery Wall How to Build Your Closet Seasonal Paint Palette Fabric, Leather, & Wood Swatches Home Tours Ayesha Curry's Urban Retreat Baldoni's Ojai Oasis The Holiday Lookbook › In Stock Dropdown In Stock & Ready To Ship Furniture Sofas & Chairs Bedding Bath Lighting Rugs Windows Pillows & Decor Mirrors & Art Tabletop & Bar Storage Gifts Outdoor Furniture Garden All In Stock & Ready to Ship Quick Ship Seating › In Stock Dining Furniture › In Stock Bedroom Furniture › Contract Grade Dropdown Contract Grade Dining Seating Bedroom Storage & Accent Tables Outdoor Office Lighting Bath Bedding All Contract Grade All Contract Grade › Contract Grade Bedding › Thanksgiving Christmas Furniture Dropdown Living Room Furniture Sofa & Sectional Collections Sofas Sectional Sofas Chairs Sleeper Sofas & Daybeds Leather Furniture Coffee Tables End & Side Tables Console Tables TV Stands & Media Consoles Ottomans, Stools & Poufs Game Tables All Living Room Furniture Bedroom Furniture Bedroom Collections Beds & Headboards Dressers & Armoires Nightstands Mattresses & Foundations Sleeper Sofas & Daybeds Benches Closets by Hold Everything All Bedroom Furniture Dining & Kitchen Furniture Dining Collections Dining Tables Dining Chairs Bar & Counter Stools Dining Benches & Banquettes Dining Seat Cushions Buffets, Sideboards & Cabinets Kitchen Islands Bar Carts & Bar Cabinets All Dining Furniture Home Office Furniture Home Office Collections Desks Desk Chairs Bookcases & Shelves File Cabinets All Home Office Furniture Storage & Modular Furniture Modular Storage Collections Storage Cabinets & Armoires Bookcases & Shelves Storage Benches & Ottomans All Storage & Modular Furniture Entryway Furniture Small Space Solutions Home Gym Accessible Home Furniture In Stock & Quick Ship Furniture Bestselling Furniture New & Featured New Arrivals Modern Farmhouse Modular Collection Swivel & Motion Seating Sale & Clearance Up to 50% off In Stock Furniture Up to 20% off Sofas & Armchairs, Select Fabrics Design Resources & Styling Ideas Room Inspiration Contract Grade Fabric, Leather, & Wood Swatches Replacement Slipcovers Shop Our Family Of Brands Pottery Barn Kids Furniture Pottery Barn Teen Furniture In Stock & Quick Ship Furniture › Outdoor Dropdown Outdoor Furniture Collections Outdoor Lounge Furniture Outdoor Sofas Outdoor Sectional Sofas Outdoor Chairs & Ottomans Outdoor Chaises & Daybeds Outdoor Coffee & Side Tables Patio Lounge Sets All Outdoor Lounge Furniture Outdoor Dining Furniture Outdoor Dining Tables Outdoor Dining Chairs & Benches Patio Dining Sets Outdoor Kitchen Outdoor Bar & Counter Stools Outdoor Bars, Carts & Cabinets All Outdoor Dining Furniture Small Space & Patio Furniture Outdoor Cushions & Covers Outdoor Replacement Cushions Outdoor Furniture Covers & Care All Outdoor Cushions, Covers & Care Patio Umbrellas & Stands Outdoor Decor & Accessories Fire Pits & Patio Heaters Outdoor Pillows String Lights & Lanterns Outdoor Rugs Doormats Outdoor Curtains Pool Towels & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Games & Recreation Outdoor Hardware All Outdoor Decor & Accessories Garden & Planters Planters & Plant Stands Gardening Tools Garden Decor & Fountains All Garden Outdoor Tabletop & Bar Outdoor Entertaining Collections Outdoor Dinnerware Outdoor Serveware Outdoor Drinkware All Outdoor Tabletop & Bar Outdoor Lighting Outdoor Wall Sconces Outdoor Ceiling Lighting Outdoor Ceiling Fans All Outdoor Lighting In Stock Outdoor In Stock Outdoor Furniture Bestselling Outdoor New & Featured New Arrivals FSC-Certified Outdoor Furniture Swivel & Motion Seating Sale & Clearance Up to 50% off Outdoor Furniture Up to 25% off Outdoor Decor & Entertaining Design Resources & Styling Ideas Outdoor Inspiration Contract Grade Outdoor Free Outdoor Fabric Swatches Outdoor Furniture Swatches Outdoor Furniture Collections › Bedding Dropdown Bedding Duvet Covers Quilts & Coverlets Comforters Sheets Holiday Bedding Pillowcases & Shams Blankets Our Favorite Bedding Looks Bedding Essentials All Bedding Bedding Essentials Duvet Inserts Pillow Inserts Bed Skirts Mattress Pads & Toppers Mattresses & Foundations All Bedding Essentials Bedding by Fabric Linen TENCEL™ Organic Cotton Sateen Percale Velvet Bedding by Color Timeless Whites Versatile Neutrals Golden Hour Warm Tones Bold Reds Shades of Green Sophisticated Grays Shades of Blue In Stock Bedding Bestselling Bedding New & Featured New Arrivals Holiday Bedding Shop Mad for Plaid Linen's Newest Hues Sale & Clearance Up to 30% off Bedding Design Resources & Styling Ideas Our Favorite Bedding Looks Contract Grade Bedding Shop Our Family Of Brands Pottery Barn Kids Bedding Pottery Barn Teen Bedding Pottery Barn Dorm Bedding Holiday Bedding › Bath Dropdown Towels & Linens Bath Towels Bath Mats Shower Curtains Robes & Slippers Beach Towels All Towels & Linens Accessories Countertop Accessories Wall Shelves Wastebaskets & Hampers All Bath Accessories Soaps & Home Fragrance Soaps & Lotions Scented Candles & Home Fragrance All Soaps & Home Fragrance Bath Furniture Bath Vanity Collections Bath Vanities Floor Storage, Cabinets & Stools All Bath Furniture Mirrors & Medicine Cabinets Mirrors Medicine Cabinets All Mirrors & Medicine Cabinets Bath Lighting Hardware Bath Hardware Cabinet Hardware All Hardware Faucets & Plumbing Sink Faucets Shower Sets & Bathtub Faucets Bathtubs Supply Lines, Drains, & Levers All Faucets & Plumbing Hardware & Lighting Collections Bathroom Renovation Accessible Home Bath In Stock Bath Bestselling Bath New Arrivals Sale & Clearance Up to 40% off Bath Design Resources & Styling Ideas Bathroom Inspiration Contract Grade Bath Shop Our Family Of Brands Pottery Barn Kids Bath Pottery Barn Teen Bath Pottery Barn Dorm Bath Cozy Robes › Lighting Dropdown Ceiling Lighting Chandeliers Pendants Flush Mounts Ceiling Fans All Ceiling Lighting Table & Floor Lamps Table Lamps Desk & Task Lamps Floor Lamps All Lamps Wall Sconces Outdoor Lighting Outdoor Wall Sconces Outdoor Ceiling Lighting Outdoor Ceiling Fans String Lights & Lanterns All Outdoor Lighting Bath Lighting Shades & Accessories Lamp Shades Light Bulbs All Shades & Accessories Lighting Collections All Lighting Accessible Home Lighting In Stock Lighting Bestselling Lighting New Arrivals Sale & Clearance Up to 50% off Lighting Contract Grade Lighting Shop Our Family Of Brands Pottery Barn Kids Lighting Pottery Barn Teen Lighting Statement Lighting › Rugs Dropdown Rugs Area Rugs Hallway Runners Round Rugs Outdoor Rugs Custom Sized Rugs Doormats Kitchen & Entryway Mats Rug Pads All Rugs Rugs by Style Jute & Sisal Rugs Wool Rugs Patterned Rugs Textured Rugs Persian-Style Rugs Solid Rugs Hand-Knotted Rugs High Performance Rugs Rugs by Color Bold Reds Warm Earth Tones Versatile Neutrals Sophisticated Grays Shades of Blue In Stock Rugs Bestselling Rugs New & Featured New Arrivals Holiday Doormats Rugs by Pure Salt Sale & Clearance Up to 40% off Rugs Design Resources & Styling Ideas How to Find the Right Rug Rug Swatches Shop Our Family Of Brands Pottery Barn Kids Rugs Pottery Barn Teen Rugs The Art of the Rug › Windows Dropdown Curtains All Curtains Curtain Collections Blackout Curtains Sheer Curtains Outdoor Curtains Custom Sized Curtains Window Shades Hardware In Stock Window Treatments Bestselling Window Treatments New Arrivals Sale & Clearance Up to 30% off Curtains Design Resources & Styling Ideas How to Style Your Windows Free Curtain Swatches Shop Our Family Of Brands Pottery Barn Kids Windows Pottery Barn Teen Windows Curtain Collections › Pillows & Decor Dropdown Pillows, Throws & Poufs Pillows Throws Holiday Pillows & Throws Faux Fur Pillows & Throws Our Favorite Pillow Pairings Poufs Outdoor Pillows Pillow Inserts All Pillows, Throws & Poufs Candlelight & Home Fragrance Tapers, Pillars & Candlesticks Scented Candles & Home Fragrance Lanterns & Hurricanes String Lights & Lit Decor Holiday Lit Decor & Candles All Candlelight & Home Fragrance Botanicals & Trees Floral Stems & Branches Plants & Trees Wreaths & Garlands Holiday Botanicals Faux Christmas Trees All Botanicals & Trees Decor Vases & Vessels Planters & Pots Baskets Decorative Objects Bowls & Trays Books All Decor Frames Picture Frames Gallery Wall Frames All Frames Seasonal Decor Christmas Halloween Thanksgiving Diwali Hanukkah New Year's Home Accessories Fireplace & Hearth Clocks Table & Floor Fans Wallpaper & Decals Pet Beds & Accessories Games & Entertainment Electronics & Tech Accessories All Pillows & Decor In Stock Pillows & Decor Bestselling Pillows & Decor New & Featured New Arrivals The Gingerbread Shop Holiday Collectibles Iconic Faux Fur Mad for Plaid Sale & Clearance Up to 40% off Pillows & Decor Design Resources & Styling Ideas Our Favorite Pillow Pairings Our Favorite Trees & Mantels Shop Our Family Of Brands Pottery Barn Kids Decor Pottery Barn Teen Decor Festive Pillows › Art & Mirrors Dropdown Wall Art Original Art Paintings Photography Dimensional Art Abstracts Landscapes Coastal Holiday Art All Art Featured Artists Chelsea Fly Meg Haywood Sullivan ArtLifting Lauren Herrera Leco Moura Kelly Ventura Aileen Fitzgerald Alex Cole Featured Artists Mirrors Wall Mirrors Floor Mirrors All Mirrors Frames Picture Frames Gallery Wall Frames All Frames Wall Decor Wallpaper Shelves & Display Ledges In Stock Art & Mirrors Bestselling Art & Mirrors New & Featured New Arrivals Holiday Art Sale & Clearance Up to 20% off Art & Mirrors​ Design Resources & Styling Ideas How to Hang Artwork How to Design a Gallery Wall Shop Our Family Of Brands Pottery Barn Kids Decor Pottery Barn Teen Decor Gallery Wall Frames › Tabletop & Bar Dropdown Dinnerware Dinnerware Collections Dinnerware Sets Dinner Plates Appetizer & Salad Plates Bowls Table Setting Inspiration Outdoor Dinnerware All Dinnerware Drinkware & Bar Glassware Collections Drinking Glasses Wine & Champagne Glasses Cocktail Glasses Coffee & Tea Barware Collections Bar Tools & Accessories Dispensers & Pitchers Outdoor Drinkware All Glassware & Bar Table Linens Table Linen Collections Runners & Tablecloths Placemats & Chargers Napkins Napkin Rings & Place Card Holders All Table Linens Flatware Flatware Sets Serving Utensils All Flatware Serveware Serveware Collections Serving Trays & Platters Serving Bowls Cheese Boards & Knives Snack & Condiment Bowls Serving Utensils Outdoor Serveware All Serveware Holiday Entertaining Christmas Thanksgiving Halloween Diwali Hanukkah New Year's Kitchen Tools & Utensils Organization & Food Storage Kitchen Linens Cleaning Supplies & Trash Bins Soaps & Lotions All Kitchen Outdoor Tabletop & Bar All Tabletop & Bar In Stock Tabletop & Bar Bestselling Tabletop & Bar New & Featured New Arrivals The Gingerbread Shop Holiday Collectibles Mad for Plaid Entertaining Essentials Sale & Clearance Up to 30% off Tabletop & Bar Design Resources & Styling Ideas Table Setting Inspiration The Thanksgiving Shop › Organization Dropdown Baskets & Bins Basket Collections Wall Shelving & Organization Shelves & Display Ledges Hooks & Wall Organization Organizational Collections All Wall Organization Closet Organization Closets by Hold Everything Reach-In Closets Walk-In Closets Closet Accessories Jewelry Storage & Luggage Jewelry Boxes & Storage Luggage & Travel Accessories All Jewelry Storage & Luggage Storage & Modular Furniture Modular Storage Collections Storage Cabinets & Armoires Bookcases & Shelves Storage Benches & Ottomans All Storage & Modular Furniture Entryway Organization Coat Racks & Shoe Racks Office & Desk Organization File Cabinets Office Accessories Bath Storage & Organization Laundry & Hampers Bathroom Storage Kitchen & Cleaning Organization Pantry & Countertop Organization Cleaning Supplies & Trash Bins Home Gym Pet Accessories In Stock Organization Bestselling Organization New & Featured New Arrivals Modern Farmhouse Modular Collection Sale & Clearance Up to 20% off Organization Design Resources & Styling Ideas How to Build Your Closet Shop Our Family Of Brands Pottery Barn Kids Storage Pottery Barn Teen Storage Pottery Barn Dorm Storage Basket Collections › Holidays Dropdown Christmas Shop All Christmas Stockings & Stocking Holders Tree Skirts & Tree Collars Ornaments & Tree Toppers Faux Christmas Trees Wreaths, Garlands & Botanicals Candles, String Lights & Lit Decor Christmas Entertaining Holiday Bedding Holiday Pillows & Throws Decor Wall Art & Frames Holiday Doormats Bath Linens Shop by Holiday Christmas Halloween Thanksgiving Hanukkah Diwali New Year's Styling Ideas & Inspiration Holiday Lookbook Trees & Mantels Bedding Looks Table Settings Pillow Pairings New & Featured The Gingerbread Shop Holiday Collectibles Mad for Plaid Holiday Glow Elf National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation Shop Our Family Of Brands Pottery Barn Kids Holidays Williams Sonoma Holidays The Christmas Shop › Gifts Dropdown All Gifts Our Favorite Gifts In-Stock Gifts Gifts by Price $50 & Under $100 & Under Wow Gifts Gifts by Recipient For Her For Him For the Family For the Host New & Featured The Gingerbread Shop Holiday Collectibles Mad for Plaid Gift Guides Top Gifts by Category Personalized Gifts Throws Robes & Slippers Jewelry Boxes & Storage Picture Frames Candles & Home Fragrance Soaps & Lotions Holiday Tabletop Mugs Cheese Boards & Knives Barware & Glassware Games & Game Tables Electronics & Tech Accessories Luggage & Travel Wine Bags & Gift Wrap Gift Cards & eGift Cards Business to Business Corporate Gifting Shop Our Family Of Brands Pottery Barn Kids Gifts Pottery Barn Teen Gifts Williams Sonoma Gifts Mark & Graham Gifts Our Favorite Gifts › Sale Dropdown Fall Warehouse Sale | Up to 50% off Up to 50% off In Stock Furniture Up to 20% off Sofas & Armchairs, Select Fabrics Up to 30% off Bedding Up to 40% off Decor Up to 40% off Rugs Up to 50% off Lighting Up to 40% off Bath Up to 30% off Curtains Up to 30% off Tabletop & Bar Up to 50% off Outdoor Furniture All Deals Sale by Category All Sale Furniture Outdoor Furniture Outdoor Decor & Entertaining Bedding Bath Lighting Rugs Windows Pillows & Throws Decor Art & Mirrors Tabletop & Bar Organization Holidays Clearance Free Shipping Open Box Outlet Deals x Going Global - Available in over 60 countries We now offer international shipping through global provider,
          Borderfree. As you shop, you will see prices in your selected
          currency. You can change where you would like to ship your items in
          the top right corner of our website. To learn more about international shipping, please visit our International Orders page. You are currently shipping to US in
            USD Currency change PLEASE NOTE: Some items are not eligible for international shipping. Please look
        for eligibility notifications on our product pages, or view our
        guidelines to see which items are ineligible . All international orders must have a ship-to destination outside of
        the United States. We cannot support customers with international
        billing addresses shipping to U.S. addresses. Free Shipping promotions cannot be applied to International Orders. You can view your complete order total, including shipping fees,
        custom tariffs and taxes, during checkout. *We are sorry that we no longer ship to the Province of Quebec,
        Canada. Continue Shopping x Pottery Barn Join our VIP list for inspiration, new arrivals & more. Rejuvenation Join our VIP list for inspiration, new arrivals & more. Enter your mobile number and select to receive automated
                    marketing text messages about new items, great savings and
                    more. You understand that consent is not required to make
                    a purchase. Message and data rates may apply. Message
                    frequency varies. Wireless Carriers are not liable for
                    delayed or undelivered messages. Text HELP for help and
                    STOP to cancel. For questions, Please contact us . Terms No, Thanks By entering you agree to the Official Rules , the privacy policy , and to receive Pottery Barn email marketing. No purchase necessary. Void where prohibited. Ends 9:00PM PST on 11/2/23. California residents: For more information about our terms, please see our Financial Incentive Terms . You can request that we Do Not Sell Your Info . Please visit our Privacy Policy to learn how we use your information. Want even more inspiration? Request our catalog. Sign up to get emails from our family of brands Williams Sonoma west elm Pottery Barn Pottery Barn Teen Pottery Barn Kids Mark and Graham Rejuvenation Submit Email Submitted Thank you for signing up We're so glad you've signed up. Ready to save 15%? Click to sign up. Our Company About Us Environmental Commitment Press Legal Statement Privacy Policy Accessibility Terms & Conditions Careers Privacy Policy We are part of the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands which includes Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn, pottery barn kids, Pottery Barn Teen, west elm, Rejuvenation, Mark and Graham, GreenRow, and Outward. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands are committed to respecting your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what information we collect from you, how we use your information and the choices that you have regarding our use of your information. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you in our stores, through our websites and mobile applications, and anywhere else we interact with you. By using any of our web sites, mobile applications, or sharing your information with us, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands support and adhere to the guidelines and practices adopted by the Direct Marketing Association's Privacy Promise to American Consumers. We have agreed to (1) provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information rental, sale, or exchange with other marketers; (2) honor customers' requests not to share their contact information with other marketers; and (3) honor customers' requests not to receive mail, telephone, or other solicitations from Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands. Collecting Information About You Categories and Types of Personal Information We Collect We collect the following categories and types of personal information: Contact Information: your first and last name, postal address, email address, and phone number; Other identifying information: IP address, social media user names, passwords and other security information for authentication and access; Financial Information: credit card, debit card and bank account information; Demographic information: gender, age, employment information and salary information; Geolocation data; Internet or other electronic activity: your browsing and click history, including information about how you navigate within our services and which elements of our services you use the most; Commercial information: products purchased or viewed on our website; Audio and visual information: your videos and photos; and Inferences drawn from the categories described above in order to create a profile about you to reflect your preferences, characteristics, behavior and attitude. Categories of Use Transactional Purposes: We use your contact information, financial information, and commercial information to: Receive, process, confirm, send and track your order, subscription or registration; Communicate with you about your order, subscription or registration; Process any subscription or registration you make to one of our services; and Maintain your "Gift List" through your registry Analytical Purposes: We use your other identifying information, internet activity and browsing history, commercial information, demographic information, and geolocation data to analyze preferences, trends and statistics. Marketing and Promotional Purposes: We use your contact information, commercial information, demographic information, internet or other electronic activity, geolocation data, and inferences to: Inform you of our new products, services and offers; Provide you with targeted advertising; Run contests, promotions and sweepstakes, Provide you with our loyalty program including earning points and awarding and redeeming certificates; and Provide you with other information from and about Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands, including personalized marketing communications. Maintenance and Improvement of Services and Website: We use your contact information, commercial information, and internet activity and browsing history to: Provide and maintain our Design Lab services; Provide and maintain functionality on our website, including our live chat or customer review features; Handle your customer services requests; and Help us diagnose technical and service problems and administer our stores, websites and apps. Review and Content Creation Purposes: We use your contact information, commercial information, and audio and visual information to enable reviews of our products and to display content that you have created and allowed us to display on our website and services and on social media. Security and Fraud Prevention: We use your contact information, other identifying information, commercial information, financial information, geolocation data, internet activity and browsing history, and inferences to protect this website, our company, and others and to prevent fraud, theft and misconduct. Sources of Personal Information We collect information from the following sources: We collect information directly from you. We collect contact and demographic information directly from you. We also collect payment information from you. We collect information about you from third parties. We collect your personal information from third parties, such as social media sites and data co-ops. We use the Google Maps service on our web sites and may use the Google Maps service, and other services, to collect geolocation data. We use this information to create greater ease of use in our checkout, including to suggest your shipping and billing address, or to help you find the closest store location. The Google Maps service is governed by Google's privacy policy located at www.google.com/policies/privacy . We may collect your identifying information from Facebook, in accordance with their terms of use and privacy policy. We purchase from and trade contact information, demographic information, commercial information, and internet and electronic activity with data co-ops and other third party data aggregators. We collect information from you passively. We collect Internet or other electronic activity passively using tools like browser cookies. This activity is further described in the Advertising and Online Tracking section below. Combining Information We may combine information you give us online, in our stores, or through our catalogs. We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with third parties. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you directly about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional and commercial purposes. When We Share Information with Third Parties Our Service Providers We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data analysis and management, promotional services, etc. We call them our Service Providers. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours. Our Select Partners From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours. These are known as our Select Partners. In such cases we might rent, exchange, share and/or cross-reference information, including contact information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. This section does not apply to mobile phone numbers and opt in consent information collected for SMS text programs. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands may also collect mobile phone numbers for other purposes which are subject to this section. Our Affiliates We may share personal information with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with any Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands. Corporate Transactions We may share personal information with parties to business transactions such as those we deal with in mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, sales of assets, reorganizations, divestitures, dissolutions, bankruptcies, liquidations, or other types of business transactions. In these types of transactions, personal information may be shared, sold, or transferred, and it may be used subsequently by a third party. Law Enforcement and Courts In certain instances we may disclose your contact information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands or to others. We may also disclose your contact information when we believe the law or legal process requires it. Cookies When you visit our web sites, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device. We may also use cookies and other similar technologies in emails that you receive from us. A cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a web site. A session cookie expires immediately when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). A persistent cookie stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same web site at a later date the cookie information is still available. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service when you visit our web site and other web sites of interest to you. We also use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products, services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our web sites and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting and email interaction patterns. If you would like to opt out of accepting cookies altogether, you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. However, certain features of our web sites or other services may not work if you delete or disable cookies. We use Google Analytics on our web sites to collect usage data, to analyze how users use the web sites and to provide advertisements to you on other websites. For more information about how to opt out of having your information used by Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ . Browsing Session Information We use technology that maintains a record of your browsing session. We use this information for quality control, customer service, fraud prevention and security, and marketing purposes. Advertising and Online Tracking We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our web sites. These companies may use information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) collected during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies may also tie identifiers associated with a particular browser or device to identifiers associated with other browsers or devices used by the same user or household (e.g., a device identifier associated with a user's computer may be tied to the device identifiers of that user's tablet and phone) in order to measure and target advertisements tailored to user interests across their devices and to send personalized marketing communications. These companies typically use a cookie, tracking pixels or third party web beacons to collect this information. These companies may also serve advertisements to you, using other personal information, such as your email address. Our systems do not recognize "Do Not Track" signals, but several of these third party companies who utilize these cookies or beacons on our web sites enable you to opt out of this behavioral advertising. To learn more or opt out from these companies you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and https://www.aboutads.info/choices/ . We also provide you with additional tools to opt out of marketing from us or certain transfers of your information. You can learn about this in the "Opting Out of Marketing and Transfers" section of this Privacy Policy. Opting Out Of Marketing And Transfers; Updating Information About You We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive direct marketing from us or from our Select Partners, or if you would like to opt out of our rental or exchange of your information with other marketers, please let us know. In the U.S., you can call us at 800.541.1262. Outside of the U.S., you can call us at 405.717.6139. If you would like to update or correct your email address, mailing address or other contact information with us please contact us the same way. You may also click the designated link at the bottom of all email advertisements to be removed from future email updates. Please note that any requests to remove or update your contact information may take up to five days for your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request. We may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications from us. We contact you only in ways compatible with your communications choices. To the extent necessary for such purposes, we take reasonable steps to make sure that your contact information is accurate, complete, current, and otherwise reliable. Privacy Rights Under Certain State Privacy Laws If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah or Virginia, you may have certain privacy rights under the applicable privacy laws in your state (“State Privacy Laws”). This section describes those rights and how you can exercise them with Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands. Rights Requests Right to Know, Right to Deletion and Right to Correct You can request what personal information we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold. You can also request that we delete your personal information. We may not delete all of your personal information if one of the following exceptions applies: Transactional: to complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or perform a contract we have with you; Security: to detect data security incidents; preserve the integrity or security of systems; or investigate, report, or prosecute those responsible for any such action; Error Correction: to debug or repair any errors; Legal: to protect against fraud, harassment, malicious or deceptive activities, or illegal activity or to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation, or exercise rights under the law, such as the right to free speech; to assist another party with any of its obligations under applicable privacy laws; or Internal Use: to use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information (i.e. to improve our services). Please note that if we delete your personal information, many of our services will not work the same. Some examples include, but are not limited to: Returns: We will not have the ability to look up your receipt or order in our system. In order to process a return or refund, we will require proof of purchase from the customer and if the customer is unable to provide proof of purchase, the transaction will be treated as an unreceipted return in accordance with our return policy. Customer Service: Our ability to handle customer service requests may be limited. We will not have the ability to look up prior orders or account information and may request proof of purchase in order to service your needs. Online Account & Shopping: Your online account will no longer exist. Your shopping cart items, order history, saved addresses, saved recipes and any other saved preferences in your online account will no longer be available. Loyalty Program: You will lose your loyalty account and any points earned as part of your participation in Key Rewards. You will not be able to accrue loyalty points moving forward. Any existing reward certificates will be honored. You will also no longer be eligible for loyalty specific benefits such as exclusive events and early access offers. Recalls: We will no longer be able to contact you via email, regular mail, or phone about product recalls related to products you purchased, unless you provided your information to us by returning a product registration card attached to a durable infant product. Gift Registry: You will no longer be able to view or add items to your gift registry. Reference to your name in a joint registry will be deleted. Marketing Communications: We will no longer be able to provide you with any marketing communications directly from our family of brands, including personalized marketing communication such as information about new products, services and offers tailored to your interests. To the Trade: If you submit a deletion request under your “To The Trade” profile, your personal information from your customer account will also be deleted. Opt Outs: Previous opt-out requests will not be saved. You may also request that we correct certain inaccurate information that we have about you. To submit a request to know, a request to correct or a request to delete, please visit Truyo Portal or call 833.922.7529. In order to verify your identity, you will need to provide at least three of the following pieces of your information: name, telephone number, e-mail address, mailing address, and last transaction amount. We will match this information to the information on our systems. For an online request to delete, we will also send you a second verification to confirm that you want your information to be deleted. In order to designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf you must provide the authorized agent with written permission to do so, and your authorized agent must submit that written proof at the time they make the request on your behalf. If you wish to make multiple requests under this section, we recommend sending the deletion request last, as we will not be able to fulfill your other requests once we have deleted your information. We will maintain a record of your request to know or request to delete. For a faster way to correct your information, you may go to your WSI account to correct it yourself. Note that the correction of your information for the Gold Rewards Program must be done through Capital One Customer Service at 1-877-383-4802. Do Not Sell or Share/Use My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising Personal Information that We Sell or Share/Use for Targeted Advertising Under California law, “share” means disclosing your personal information by us to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, in exchange for money or anything else of value. Thus, when we use the term “share” under this section, we are using it in the narrow meaning of how it is defined under California law. Other State Privacy Laws do not use the term “share,” but describe the concept as using personal information for targeted advertising. Under the laws of California, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah, “sell” means exchanging your personal information by us with a third party for money or anything else of value. Under Virginia law, “sell” is the exchange of personal information for money only. Through our participation in digital advertising networks and in connection with our Select Partners, we may sell or share/use for targeted advertising, the following categories of personal information: Identifiers Characteristics of protected classifications under California and federal law; Internet/electronic activity; Commercial information; and Inferences drawn from the categories described above in order to create a profile about you to reflect your preferences, characteristics, preferences, behavior and attitudes. We do not knowingly sell or share/use for targeted advertising the personal information of minors under the age of 16. Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing/Using Your Personal Information for Targeted Advertising You can opt-out of us selling or sharing/using your personal information for targeted advertising for online activity by enabling an opt out preference signal for a browser or plug-in that makes it clear that such signal is meant to have the effect of opting you out of the sale and sharing of your Personal Information. To opt out of online and offline selling or sharing, please visit the Truyo Portal or call us at 833.922.7529. Note that if you are logged into your online account, we will process such request for offline sales also, but if we only can identify your device or browser, we will only be able to apply the request to that specific device or browser and only for cookie or pixel based selling and sharing. Note that if you clear your cookies, your opt out request will no longer be saved for that browser. In order to designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf you must provide the authorized agent with written permission to do so, and your authorized agent must submit that written proof at the time they make the request on your behalf. We do not “sell” or “share” Sensitive Personal Information (as defined under State Privacy Laws). Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under State Privacy Laws and we will not deny you goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide you with a lesser quality of goods or services if you exercise any of your rights under State Privacy Laws. Financial Incentives We offer various financial incentives. The terms of the financial incentive will be presented to you at the time you sign up. You may withdraw from any of the financial incentives by contacting us at 800.541.1262, or by unsubscribing to our email marketing by vising our website. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated the value of the incentive by using the expense related to the offer. Right to Opt out of Profiling If you are a resident of Colorado, Connecticut or Virginia, you have a right to opt out of any form of automated processing performed on personal information to evaluate, analyze or predict personal aspects related to your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movements (“Profiling”). To submit a request to opt out of Profiling that is not cookie-based or digital advertising-based Profiling, please visit the Truyo Portal or call us at 800.541.1262. In order to verify your identity, we will send you a verification email. In order to designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf you must provide the authorized agent with written permission to do so, and your authorized agent must submit that written proof mailed to the address below so that it is received prior to the time the agent makes the request on your behalf. To opt out of cookie-based or digital advertising-based Profiling, please opt out of the selling/sharing of your information for targeted advertising, as described above. Note that if you opt out of profiling, your experience with our brands will be less personalized. We will not be able to opt you out of Profiling where one of the following exceptions applies: Legal: to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations; to comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by governmental authorities; to cooperate with law enforcement; to investigate, exercise, prepare for or defend actual or anticipated legal claims; or to assist another party with any of its obligations under applicable laws; Security: to prevent, detect, protect against, or respond to security incidents, identity theft, fraud, harassment, or malicious, deceptive, or illegal activity; preserve the integrity or security of systems; or investigate, report, or prosecute those responsible for any such action; Improvement of Services and Products/Internal use: to conduct internal research to improve, repair or develop products, services or technology; Transactional: to provide a product or service specifically requested by you; to complete a transaction with you or to complete a contract we have with you; and Public Interest: to protect your vital interests or those of another individual. Right to Appeal If you are a California, Colorado, Connecticut or Virginia resident and we denied your request, you may appeal the denial by clicking on the link to appeal found in the email communication we sent when your original request was completed. Sensitive Personal Information We do not collect or process Sensitive Personal Information, as defined by California Law, for inferring characteristics or use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information for purposes other than those permitted by law. Retention We will store your personal information for as long as is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or as required by law. Metrics: Below are the metrics for the California consumer requests pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act that we received, complied with (in whole or in part) and denied between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022. Note that denied requests include requests that failed due to lapsed or failed verification or requests where an agent did not provide sufficient verification of their authority to make the request. Requests to know: Received: 12 Complied with in whole or in part: 6 Denied: 6 Median time to substantively respond: 11 days Requests to delete: Received: 111 Complied with in whole or in part: 64 Denied: 47 Median time to substantively respond: 31 days Requests to opt-out of sale: Received: 3050 Complied with in whole or in part: 3050 Median time to substantively respond: 3 days International Customer Privacy For international shipping orders, Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands partner with Borderfree, Inc. ("Borderfree"). We have contracted with Borderfree to assure that they will carefully process your information consistent with this Privacy Policy. When we identify that your order is one that will be shipped internationally, we work with Borderfree to complete your order. On the checkout page, you will be required to submit credit card and contact information (name, billing address, shipping address, email address and phone number) to Borderfree to complete your order. Upon completion of your order, Borderfree will notify us of the approval of your order, and we will then ship approved orders to Borderfree. Simultaneously, Borderfree will purchase the product from us, which allows them to take title to the product(s), bill your credit card, collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you. In this process, Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record. When ordering a product, you will be presented with Borderfree's terms and conditions to which you must agree in order to receive the product(s) you ordered. Once you place your order, you may see a pre-checked box indicating that you would like to receive information from Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands regarding offers and promotions that may be available from time to time. Unless the box is unchecked, Borderfree will share your information with Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands, and we will protect and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you choose to provide Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands with your information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States. For international customers, any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of your information should be directed to Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands by calling us at 405.717.6139. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Security We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. To guard your information delivered to us electronically, our web sites use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL encrypts your credit card number, name and address so only we are able to decode your information. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your contact information, to the extent permitted by law, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites, and you do so at your own risk. We urge you to keep any password that you establish with us in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place. Protecting Children We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that any of your children has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us and we will take steps to remove that information from our servers. Links to Third Party Web Sites Our web sites may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked web sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked web sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked web site before disclosing any of your information on such web site. Policy Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web sites, as applicable. Those changes will go into effect on the effective date posted in the notice and at the end of the revised Privacy Policy. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web sites and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. Your continued use of our web sites or other services constitutes your acceptance of the practices described in the revised Privacy Policy. Contact Us In the U.S., you can call us at 800.541.1262. Outside of the U.S., you can call us at 405.717.6139. Last Updated: July 28, 2023 Customer Service Contact Us Track Your Order Returns & Exchanges Shipping Information International Orders Email Preferences x Help Topics Give Us Feedback About Us Our Story Careers Press Influencers Find a Store Business to Business Overview Trade Contract Corporate Gifting Design Services Free Interior Design Room Planner Resources Pottery Barn Credit Card Pay Bill Online View Online Catalog Request a Catalog Address Change Gift Cards Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information Shopping App Join our VIP list for inspiration, new arrivals & more. Join our VIP list for inspiration, new arrivals & more. California residents, please see the Financial Incentive Terms for terms. Do Not Sell My Personal Information Follow Us Instagram Facebook Pinterest YouTube *Some exclusions apply. Click here for details © 2023 Williams-Sonoma, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms & Conditions | Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Legal Statement