Bible Gateway: Privacy Notice (U.S. and Canada) Menu Bible Gateway logo account read Read the Bible Reading Plans Advanced Search Available Versions Audio Bibles study Study Tools Scripture Engagement More Resources plus Bible Gateway Plus explore Explore More Newsletters Devotionals Bible Gateway App Bible Audio App Bible Gateway Blog store Store Bibles Deals More BEST VALUE in digital Bible study. Start for FREE. close For less than $5/mo. gain access to 50+ premium resources to enhance your study of Scripture. Start your free trial today! close account Log In/Sign Up show menu BibleGateway ---Amuzgo de Guerrero (AMU)--- Amuzgo de Guerrero (AMU) ---العربية (AR)--- Arabic Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-AR) Ketab El Hayat (NAV) ---अवधी (AWA)--- Awadhi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-AWA) ---Български (BG)--- 1940 Bulgarian Bible (BG1940) Bulgarian Bible (BULG) Bulgarian New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-BG) Библия, нов превод от оригиналните езици (с неканоничните книги) (CBT) Библия, синодално издание (BOB) Библия, ревизирано издание (BPB) ---Chinanteco de Comaltepec (CCO)--- Chinanteco de Comaltepec (CCO) ---Cebuano (CEB)--- Ang Pulong Sa Dios (APSD-CEB) ---ᏣᎳᎩ ᎦᏬᏂᎯᏍ (CHR)--- Cherokee New Testament (CHR) ---كوردی سۆرانی (CKB)--- Kurdi Sorani Standard (KSS) ---Cakchiquel Occidental (CKW)--- Cakchiquel Occidental (CKW) ---Čeština (CS)--- Bible 21 (B21) Slovo na cestu (SNC) ---Cymraeg (CY)--- Beibl William Morgan (BWM) ---Dansk (DA)--- Bibelen på hverdagsdansk (BPH) Dette er Biblen på dansk (DN1933) ---Deutsch (DE)--- Hoffnung für Alle (HOF) Luther Bibel 1545 (LUTH1545) Neue Genfer Übersetzung (NGU-DE) Schlachter 1951 (SCH1951) Schlachter 2000 (SCH2000) ---English (EN)--- 21st Century King James Version (KJ21) American Standard Version (ASV) Amplified Bible (AMP) Amplified Bible, Classic Edition (AMPC) BRG Bible (BRG) Christian Standard Bible (CSB) Common English Bible (CEB) Complete Jewish Bible (CJB) Contemporary English Version (CEV) Darby Translation (DARBY) Disciples’ Literal New Testament (DLNT) Douay-Rheims 1899 American Edition (DRA) Easy-to-Read Version (ERV) Evangelical Heritage Version (EHV) English Standard Version (ESV) English Standard Version Anglicised (ESVUK) Expanded Bible (EXB) 1599 Geneva Bible (GNV) GOD’S WORD Translation (GW) Good News Translation (GNT) Holman Christian Standard Bible (HCSB) International Children’s Bible (ICB) International Standard Version (ISV) J.B. Phillips New Testament (PHILLIPS) Jubilee Bible 2000 (JUB) King James Version (KJV) Authorized (King James) Version (AKJV) Legacy Standard Bible (LSB) Lexham English Bible (LEB) Living Bible (TLB) The Message (MSG) Modern English Version (MEV) Mounce Reverse Interlinear New Testament (MOUNCE) Names of God Bible (NOG) New American Bible (Revised Edition) (NABRE) New American Standard Bible (NASB) New American Standard Bible 1995 (NASB1995) New Catholic Bible (NCB) New Century Version (NCV) New English Translation (NET) New International Reader's Version (NIRV) New International Version (NIV) New International Version - UK (NIVUK) New King James Version (NKJV) New Life Version (NLV) New Living Translation (NLT) New Matthew Bible (NMB) New Revised Standard Version, Anglicised (NRSVA) New Revised Standard Version, Anglicised Catholic Edition (NRSVACE) New Revised Standard Version Catholic Edition (NRSVCE) New Revised Standard Version Updated Edition (NRSVUE) New Testament for Everyone (NTFE) Orthodox Jewish Bible (OJB) Revised Geneva Translation (RGT) Revised Standard Version (RSV) Revised Standard Version Catholic Edition (RSVCE) Tree of Life Version (TLV) The Voice (VOICE) World English Bible (WEB) Worldwide English (New Testament) (WE) Wycliffe Bible (WYC) Young's Literal Translation (YLT) ---Español (ES)--- La Biblia de las Américas (LBLA) Biblia del Jubileo (JBS) Dios Habla Hoy (DHH) Nueva Biblia de las Américas (NBLA) Nueva Biblia Viva (NBV) Nueva Traducción Viviente (NTV) Nueva Versión Internacional (NVI) Nueva Versión Internacional (Castilian) (CST) Palabra de Dios para Todos (PDT) La Palabra (España) (BLP) La Palabra (Hispanoamérica) (BLPH) Reina Valera Actualizada (RVA-2015) Reina Valera Contemporánea (RVC) Reina-Valera 1960 (RVR1960) Reina Valera Revisada (RVR1977) Reina-Valera 1995 (RVR1995) Reina-Valera Antigua (RVA) Spanish Blue Red and Gold Letter Edition (SRV-BRG) Traducción en lenguaje actual (TLA) ---Suomi (FI)--- Raamattu 1933/38 (R1933) ---Français (FR)--- La Bible du Semeur (BDS) Louis Segond (LSG) Nouvelle Edition de Genève – NEG1979 (NEG1979) Segond 21 (SG21) ---Κοινη (GRC)--- 1550 Stephanus New Testament (TR1550) 1881 Westcott-Hort New Testament (WHNU) 1894 Scrivener New Testament (TR1894) SBL Greek New Testament (SBLGNT) Tyndale House Greek New Testament (THGNT) ---ગુજરાતી (GU)--- Gujarati: પવિત્ર બાઈબલ (GERV) ---עברית (HE)--- Habrit Hakhadasha/Haderekh (HHH) The Westminster Leningrad Codex (WLC) ---हिन्दी (HI)--- Hindi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-HI) Saral Hindi Bible (SHB) ---Ilonggo (HIL)--- Ang Pulong Sang Dios (HLGN) ---Chhattisgarhi (HNE)--- New Chhattisgarhi Translation (नवां नियम छत्तीसगढ़ी) (NCA) ---Hrvatski (HR)--- Biblija: suvremeni hrvatski prijevod (SHP) Hrvatski Novi Zavjet – Rijeka 2001 (HNZ-RI) Knijga O Kristu (CRO) ---Kreyòl ayisyen (HT)--- Haitian Creole Version (HCV) Nouvo Testaman: Vèsyon Kreyòl Fasil (VKF) ---Magyar (HU)--- Hungarian Károli (KAR) Hungarian Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-HU) Hungarian New Translation (NT-HU) ---Hawai‘i Pidgin (HWC)--- Hawai‘i Pidgin (HWP) ---Íslenska (IS)--- Icelandic Bible (ICELAND) ---Italiano (IT)--- La Bibbia della Gioia (BDG) Conferenza Episcopale Italiana (CEI) La Nuova Diodati (LND) Nuova Riveduta 1994 (NR1994) Nuova Riveduta 2006 (NR2006) ---日本語 (JA)--- Japanese Living Bible (JLB) ---Jacalteco, Oriental (JAC)--- Jacalteco, Oriental (JAC) ---Kekchi (KEK)--- Kekchi (KEK) ---한국어 (KO)--- Korean Living Bible (KLB) ---Latina (LA)--- Biblia Sacra Vulgata (VULGATE) ---Luganda (LG)--- Endagaano Enkadde nʼEndagaano Empya (LCB) ---Māori (MI)--- Maori Bible (MAORI) ---Македонски (MK)--- Macedonian New Testament (MNT) ---मराठी (MR)--- Marathi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-MR) ---Mam, Central (MVC)--- Mam, Central (MVC) ---Mam, Todos Santos (MVJ)--- Mam de Todos Santos Chuchumatán (MVJ) ---Plautdietsch (NDS)--- Reimer 2001 (REIMER) ---नेपाली (NE)--- Nepali Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-NE) ---Náhuatl de Guerrero (NGU)--- Náhuatl de Guerrero (NGU) ---Nederlands (NL)--- BasisBijbel (BB) Het Boek (HTB) ---Norsk (NO)--- Det Norsk Bibelselskap 1930 (DNB1930) En Levende Bok (LB) ---Chichewa (NY)--- Mawu a Mulungu mu Chichewa Chalero (CCL) ---ଓଡ଼ିଆ (OR)--- Oriya Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-OR) ---ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (PA)--- Punjabi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-PA) ---Polski (PL)--- Nowe Przymierze (NP) Słowo Życia (SZ-PL) Updated Gdańsk Bible (UBG) ---Nawat (PPL)--- Ne Bibliaj Tik Nawat (NBTN) ---Português (PT)--- Almeida Revista e Corrigida 2009 (ARC) Portuguese New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version (VFL) Nova Traduҫão na Linguagem de Hoje 2000 (NTLH) Nova Versão Transformadora (NVT) Nova Versão Internacional (NVI-PT) O Livro (OL) ---Quichua (QU)--- Mushuj Testamento Diospaj Shimi (MTDS) ---Quiché, Centro Occidenta (QUT)--- Quiché, Centro Occidental (QUT) ---Română (RO)--- Cornilescu 1924 - Revised 2010, 2014 (RMNN) Nouă Traducere În Limba Română (NTLR) ---Русский (RU)--- New Russian Translation (NRT) Священное Писание (Восточный Перевод) (CARS) Священное Писание (Восточный перевод), версия для Таджикистана (CARST) Священное Писание (Восточный перевод), версия с «Аллахом» (CARSA) Russian New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-RU) Russian Synodal Version (RUSV) ---Slovenčina (SK)--- Nádej pre kazdého (NPK) ---Somali (SO)--- Somali Bible (SOM) ---Shqip (SQ)--- Albanian Bible (ALB) ---Српски (SR)--- New Serbian Translation (NSP) Serbian New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-SR) ---Svenska (SV)--- nuBibeln (Swedish Contemporary Bible) (NUB) Svenska 1917 (SV1917) Svenska Folkbibeln (SFB) Svenska Folkbibeln 2015 (SFB15) Swedish New Living Bible (Nya Levande Bibeln) (SVL) ---Kiswahili (SW)--- Agano Jipya: Tafsiri ya Kusoma-Kwa-Urahisi (TKU) Neno: Bibilia Takatifu (SNT) ---தமிழ் (TA)--- Tamil Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-TA) ---ภาษาไทย (TH)--- New Thai Version (NTV-BIBLE) Thai New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-TH) Thai New Contemporary Bible (TNCV) ---Tagalog (TL)--- Ang Bagong Tipan: Filipino Standard Version (FSV) Ang Biblia (1978) (ABTAG1978) Ang Biblia, 2001 (ABTAG2001) Ang Dating Biblia (1905) (ADB1905) Ang Salita ng Dios (Tagalog Contemporary Bible) (ASND) Ang Salita ng Diyos (SND) Magandang Balita Biblia (MBBTAG) Magandang Balita Biblia (with Deuterocanon) (MBBTAG-DC) ---Twi (TWI)--- Nkwa Asem (NA-TWI) ---Українська (UK)--- Ukrainian Bible (UKR) Ukrainian New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-UK) ---اردو (UR)--- Urdu Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-UR) ---Uspanteco (USP)--- Uspanteco (USP) ---Tiêng Viêt (VI)--- Bản Dịch 2011 (BD2011) New Vietnamese Bible (NVB) Vietnamese Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (BPT) ---Yorùbá (YO)--- Bíbélì Mímọ́ Yorùbá Òde Òn (BYO) ---汉语 (ZH)--- Chinese Contemporary Bible (Simplified) (CCB) Chinese Contemporary Bible (Traditional) (CCBT) Chinese New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-ZH) Chinese New Version (Simplified) (CNVS) Chinese New Version (Traditional) (CNVT) Chinese Standard Bible (Simplified) (CSBS) Chinese Standard Bible (Traditional) (CSBT) Chinese Union Version (Simplified) (CUVS) Chinese Union Version (Traditional) (CUV) Chinese Union Version Modern Punctuation (Simplified) (CUVMPS) Chinese Union Version Modern Punctuation (Traditional) (CUVMPT) Revised Chinese Union Version (Simplified Script) Shen Edition (RCU17SS) Revised Chinese Union Version (Traditional Script) Shen Edition (RCU17TS) New International Version                                        (NIV) Version BibleGateway Bible Book List Bible Book List Font Size Font Size Bible Gateway: Privacy Notice (U.S. and Canada) Bible Gateway: Privacy Notice (U.S. and Canada) Effective Date: June 28, 2023 We at Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation L.L.C., which is wholly-owned
        by HarperCollins Christian Publishing, Inc. (“Company”),
        respect your concerns about privacy. This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) applies to personal customer
        information obtained by the Company, including through web sites, mobile sites, applications
        (“apps”), emails, and widgets (collectively, the “Services”). The Notice describes the types of personal information we obtain about customers, how
        we use the information and with whom we share it. We also describe the measures we take to
        protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
        The Services are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and we do not knowingly
        collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section: Information We Obtain Information Obtained by Automated Means
                                        Through Our Services How We Use the
                        Information We Obtain Interest-Based
                        Advertising Information We
                        Share Your
                        Choices Accessing,
                                        Reviewing, Updating and Modifying Personal
                                        Information Notice to California
                        Residents How We Protect And
                        Retain Personal Information Transfers of
                        Information Links to Third-Party
                        Sites, Apps and Services Updates to Our
                        Privacy Notice How To Contact
                        Us Information We Obtain We obtain personal information about customers through the Services, publicly and
        commercially available sources and from our Company affiliates and/or business partners (such as
        Olive Tree Bible Software, ChurchSource.com, Zondervan.com, and social media networks). The
        types of personal information we may obtain include: Contact information (such as name, postal address, email address and telephone
                and/or mobile numbers); Username and password when you register through our Services; Geolocation data; Other information you may provide to us, such as through our “Submit a
                Request” or “Contact Us” feature; and Behavioral data such as website pages visited or time
                spent using our Services. Information Obtained by Automated Means Through Our
                        Services We also may obtain certain information through our Services by automated means, such as
        cookies (including HTTP, HTML5 and Flash cookies), web beacons, web server logs,
        JavaScript and similar technologies, including technologies designed
        to obtain information regarding your use of our Services. The information we obtain in this
        manner may include IP address, mobile device advertising ID, browser characteristics, device
        characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, information on actions
        taken on our Services, and dates and times you access or use the Services. In connection with
        our mobile apps, we also may obtain your phone number and details about your mobile carrier. A “cookie” is a file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other
        Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or
        settings in the browser. A “web beacon” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF,
        links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information
        collected through cookies back to a web server. Through these automated collection methods, we
        obtain “clickstream data,” which is a log of the links and other content on which a visitor
        clicks while browsing a website. As the visitor clicks through the website, a record of the
        action may be collected and stored. We also may use similar automated means to obtain and store
        information regarding your actions while using our mobile apps. We may link certain data elements obtained through automated means, such as your
        browser or device information, with other information we have obtained about you to let us know,
        for example, whether you have opened an email we sent to you, what search queries you may have
        run and what advertisements you may have seen on our Services or on third-party websites and
        apps. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or
        how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. You also may be able to delete your Flash
        cookies or adjust your Flash cookie settings by visiting the Adobe Flash Website Storage Settings
                Panel and Global Storage Settings
                Panel . Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able
        to use all of the features of our Services. Your device settings also
        may allow you to prohibit mobile app platforms (such as Apple and Google) from sharing certain
        information obtained by automated means with us through our apps or other app developers. In addition, if you register with us through or connect your account with us to a
        third-party social media network (such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter), we may obtain certain
        information about you from the relevant social media network, such as your user ID and/or user
        name associated with that social media network, the information contained in your public profile
        on the social media network and friends lists. The specific information we obtain depends on
        your privacy settings on the applicable social media network. The providers of third-party apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins
        on our Services, such as social media sharing tools, also may use automated means to collect
        information regarding your interactions with these features. This information is collected
        directly by the providers of those features and is subject to the privacy policies or notices of
        those providers. The Company is not responsible for those providers’ information practices. How We Use the Information We Obtain We may use the information collected from and about you to: Provide our products and services; Create and manage online accounts; Send promotional materials, alerts regarding available offers and other
                communications, including communications through the Services and outside of the
                Services, such as via email and through third-party websites and apps; Communicate about, and administer participation in, special events,
                promotions, programs, offers, surveys, contests and market research; Respond to inquiries from you and other third-parties, including inquiries from
                law enforcement
                agencies; Anonymize personal information to provide third parties with aggregated data
                reports showing anonymized information and other non-personal information; Supplement your personal information collected from you with additional
                information from publicly and commercially available sources, and/or information from
                Company affiliates and our business partners; Associate your browser and/or device with other browsers or devices you use
                for the purpose of providing relevant and easier access to content, advertising across
                browsers and devices, and other operational/business purposes. Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing, enhancing,
                analyzing and improving our Services; managing our communications; performing data
                analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal
                functions); Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other
                unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities; and Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry
                standards, contractual obligations and our policies. In addition, we and our third-party service providers may use information collected
        through automated means including cookies, web beacons, web server logs, JavaScript and similar
        technologies for purposes such as (1) customizing our users’ visits to and use of our Services,
        (2) delivering content (including advertising) tailored to our users’ interests and the manner
        in which our users use our Services, and (3) managing our Services and other aspects of our
        business. We may use third-party analytics services on our Services, such as those of Google
        Analytics. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as
        cookies, web beacons, web server logs and similar technologies to help us analyze your use of
        the Services. The information collected through these means may be disclosed to these analytics
        providers and other relevant third parties who use the information, for example, to evaluate use
        of the Services. To learn more about how to opt out of Google Analytics services, please visit
        the link below: Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout We also may use your personal information in other ways for which we provide specific
        notice at the time of collection. Interest-Based Advertising On our sites, apps and/or emails we and our third-party service providers may obtain
        information about your activities to provide you with advertising about products and services
        tailored to your individual interests. We and our third-party service providers also may obtain
        information for this purpose from third-party websites and apps. This section of our Privacy
        Notice provides details and explains how to exercise your choices. We engage third-party advertising networks to help us target our messaging to visitors
        through interest-based and contextual means. Through these ad networks, we can track your online
        activities over time and across third-party websites and apps by obtaining information through
        automated means, as described above. The networks use this information to show you
        advertisements on our Services or other third-party websites and apps that may be tailored to
        your individual interests. The information our ad networks may obtain on our behalf includes
        data about your visits to websites and use of apps that serve our advertisements, such as the
        pages or ads you view and the actions you take on those websites or apps. This data collection
        takes place both on our sites, apps and emails and on third-party
        websites and apps that participate in these ad networks. This process also helps us track the
        effectiveness of our marketing efforts. To learn how to opt out of this ad network
        interest-based advertising, click here or here in the US. click here in Canada. To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before using your
        information for interest-based advertising. Our sites are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals from browsers. This Site is affiliated with Publisher First, Inc. dba Freestar
        ("Freestar") for the
        purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and Freestar will collect
        and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about Freestar’s data
        usage, click here. Information We Share We may share customer personal information with Our subsidiaries and affiliates, any of whom may use your personal information
                consistent with this Privacy Notice or for the subsidiary’s or
                affiliate’s own purposes, including marketing purposes. A current list of our affiliated
                companies is available at http://newscorp.com/about/our-businesses/ . Service providers in the US and other jurisdictions who perform services on
                our behalf. Our third party clients or business partners, such as
                publishers, advertising agencies and social media networks, for marketing purposes, such
                as targeted advertising. In addition, when the information collected from or about you does not identify you as
        a specific person, we may share it with third parties. We may further disclose information about you (1) if we are required to do so by law or
        legal process, (2) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, and (3) when we
        believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in
        connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity. We also
        reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event of a proposed
        or completed sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the
        event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation). Your Choices We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we obtain
        about you, such as how we communicate with you. To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our marketing
        mailing lists or submit a request, please contact us as outlined in the How To Contact
                        Us Section below. Please email us at support@biblegateway.com to remove your Facebook data. If you do so, please be aware that you will need to create a Bible
        Gateway account with an email address and password to continue to access your account. You also can unsubscribe from our marketing mailing lists by following the
        “Unsubscribe” link in our emails. To learn more about how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising, please
        visit the customer opt-out pages at: In the US: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . In Canada: http://youradchoices.ca/choices . Accessing, Reviewing, Updating and Modifying Personal
                        Information You have the right to access, review, update, and correct inaccuracies in your personal
        information in our custody and control, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. You may
        request access, updates to and corrections of inaccuracies in your personal information by
        emailing or writing to us at the contact information set out below. We may request certain
        personal information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access
        to his/her personal information records. Notice to California Residents Subject to certain limitations, California residents may ask us to provide them with
        (1) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties
        for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (2) the
        identity of those third parties. To make this request, California residents may contact us as
        specified in the How
                        to Contact Us section below. California Privacy
                Rights Do Not Sell My Personal
                Information How We Protect And Retain Personal Information We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards
        designed to protect personal information we have about you against accidental, unlawful or
        unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. We make reasonable
        efforts to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of the processing, taking
        into account the costs of implementation and nature of the
        processing of such personal information. We retain personal information for the period needed to fulfill the purposes for which
        the personal information was collected and as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law,
        such as in relation to our record retention obligations. Transfers of Information The Services may be hosted in and managed from a country outside the country in which
        you initially provided the information, including the United States. We may transfer the
        personal information we collect about you to the United States and/or another country, which may
        not be deemed to have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially
        provided the information. When your personal information is in such countries, it may be
        accessed by the courts, law enforcement and national security authorities in accordance with
        applicable law. If you are a user located outside the United States or the country to which your
        information may be transferred, you understand and consent to having any personal information
        processed in the United States and/or such country. Your consent includes the use of cookies and
        other tracking technologies as described above. When we transfer your information, we will
        protect that information as described in this Notice. Links to Third-Party Sites, Apps and Services For your convenience and information, our Services may provide links to third-party
        sites, apps and services that may be operated by companies not affiliated with HarperCollins
        Christian Publishing. These companies may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we
        strongly suggest you review. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any
        non-HarperCollins Christian Publishing’s sites, apps or services. Updates to Our Privacy Notice This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to
        reflect changes in our personal information practices. For significant changes, we will notify
        you by posting a prominent notice on our Services indicating at the top of the Notice when it
        was most recently updated. How To Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice or the manner in which we
        or our service providers treat your personal
        information, would like to exercise your choices, or would like us to update information we have
        about you or your preferences, please contact us as follows: privacypolicy@harpercollins.com You also may write to: Legal Department / Privacy Policy HarperCollins Publishers 195 Broadway New
        York, NY 10007 Canadian residents may also contact our Privacy Officer at Privacy Official HarperCollins Canada Limited Internet Development Group Bay
        Adelaide Centre, East Tower 2 Adelaide St. W, 41st Floor Tel. No.: (416) 975-9334 e-mail: privacy-canada@harpercollins.com . About About Learn About the Bible Statement of Faith Mobile App Store Blog Newsroom Support Us Help FAQs Tutorials Use Bible Gateway on Your Site Advertise with us Contact us Privacy policy California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell My Personal Information Site: Terms of use Widget: Terms of use Our Network FaithGateway StudyGateway ChurchSource HarperCollins Christian Publishing Grupo Nelson Editorial Vida Thomas Nelson WestBow Press Zondervan MasterLectures Social Facebook Instagram Pinterest TikTok Twitter YouTube Preferences Versión en español Preferences Sign Up For Weekly Updates Sign up now for the latest news and deals from Bible Gateway! By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway’s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our Privacy Policy or email us at privacy@biblegateway.com . Preferences Versión en español Preferences Close Discover Jesus' Miracles By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway’s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our Privacy Policy or email us at privacy@biblegateway.com . Twitter Twitter Facebook Facebook Email Email