California Privacy Notice | ZipRecruiter Security and Compliance Privacy Policy California Privacy Notice Terms of Use Job Posting Rules Cookie Policy Transparency Report California Privacy Notice Types of Users Use of Personal Information Our Business or Commercial Purposes for Collecting, Selling, or Sharing Personal Information How We Disclose Your Personal Information Your Consumer Rights How to Exercise Your Consumer Rights ZipRecruiter as a Service Provider Retention of Personal Information Changes to this California Privacy Notice Contact Information California Privacy Notice Effective Date: January 1, 2020 Last Updated: June 28, 2023 Table of Contents: Types of Users Use of Personal Information Our Business or Commercial Purposes for Collecting, Selling, or Sharing Personal Information How We Disclose Your Personal Information Your Consumer Rights How to Exercise Your Consumer Rights ZipRecruiter as a Service Provider Retention of Personal Information Changes to this California Privacy Notice Contact Information Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust is our priority. ZipRecruiter, Inc. ("ZipRecruiter," "we," "our," or "us") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this California Privacy Notice ("Privacy Notice") . This Privacy Notice supplements the information contained in ZipRecruiter's Global Privacy Policy and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) and use our Services. We adopt this Privacy Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, the “CCPA” ) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Notice. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein or in the CCPA shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Global Privacy Policy. You can download a PDF version of this Privacy Notice here . 1. Types of Users The personal information we collect depends on how you use or interact with our Website or Services. Table 1 below indicates the general types of consumer users of our Website and Services (collectively, “Users”). Table 1 - Types of Users Term Definition Client Users that use ZipRecruiter.com or an Affiliated Site to register for or use an “Employer” account, search for prospective employees, view resumes, profiles, or curriculum vitae, and/or post or distribute Job Advertisements on behalf of themselves and/or a third party. Job Seeker Users that use ZipRecruiter.com or an Affiliated Site to register for a “Job Seeker” account, sign up for job alerts, upload a resumé or CV, or search for or apply to Job Advertisements. Marketplace Client Clients that obtain Marketplace Services pursuant to a separate Master Services Agreement, Insertion Order, and/or Services Agreement executed between the Client and ZipRecruiter. Website Visitor / Other Users that generally browse the Website or use other Services, but that are not a Client, Job Seeker, or Marketplace Client.  For example, a consumer that provides a referral for another Job Seeker or reaches out to our Customer Support team. 2. Types of Information We Collect A. Personal Information Collected Our Services collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (collectively, ” personal information ”). Table 2 below identifies the categories of personal information that ZipRecruiter has collected from its consumers in the preceding twelve (12) months, based on the type of User. Table 2 - Personal Information Categories Category Examples of Specific Pieces of Personal Information We May Collect from Users Clients Job Seekers Marketplace Clients Website Visitors / Other Identifiers Name, alias, postal address, email address, telephone number, social media profile, social media address, username, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol (IP) address, device IDs, account name, and other similar identifiers. Name, alias, physical address, email address, telephone number, social media profile, social media address, username, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, device IDs, account name, and other similar identifiers. Name, alias, physical address, email address, telephone number, social media profile, social media address, username, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, device IDs, account name, and other similar identifiers. We will also process your Social Security Number (SSN) if you provide us with a W-9 and your SSN is used as the Tax Identification Number. Name, email address, postal address, telephone number, social media profile, social media address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, device IDs, and other similar identifiers. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). A name, signature, address, telephone number, employment, and bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information. A name, address, telephone number, education, employment, and employment history. A name, signature, SSN (see above), address, telephone number, employment, and bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information. A name, address, telephone number, or employment information. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law N/A ZipRecruiter does not request or require you to provide protected classification characteristics. However, please carefully consider the information contained within your resume/CV and application materials to ensure that you are not providing any protected classification characteristics that are not necessary for your job application or job search. Protected classification characteristics include your age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, genetic information (including familial genetic information), and veteran or military status. Employers or hiring managers may request a veteran or military status in accordance with applicable law, and you may choose whether to submit that information with your job application on our Website. N/A N/A Commercial information Records of products or Services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies (such as details about payments to and from you), details regarding the Services that you have subscribed to or purchased, and details about your company or organization (such as contact information and website URL). Records of Services obtained or considered, or other consuming histories or tendencies, and details regarding the Services that you have used. Records of products or Services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies (such as details about payments to and from you), details regarding the Services that you have subscribed to or purchased, and details about your company or organization (such as contact information and website URL). Records or details of Services considered, or other consuming histories or tendencies. Internet or other similar network activity Login data, search history, access dates and times, browsing history, browser type and version, device information, cookie data, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices used to access the Website, and other similar activity concerning an interaction with our Services. Login data, search history, access dates and times, browsing history, browser type and version, device information, cookie data, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices used to access the Website, and other similar activity concerning an interaction with our Services. Login data, search history, access dates and times, browsing history, browser type and version, device information, cookie data, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices used to access the Website, and other similar activity concerning an interaction with our Services. Access dates and times, browsing history, browser type and version, device information, cookie data, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices used to access the Website, and other similar activity concerning an interaction with our Services. Geolocation data Time zone setting and approximate location; latitude and longitude. Time zone setting and approximate location; latitude and longitude. Time zone setting and approximate location; latitude and longitude. Time zone setting and approximate location; latitude and longitude. Professional or employment-related information Job title and company name Job searches, candidate searches, job applications, any information provided in a resume/CV or job seeker profile (including, but not limited to, executive summary, objective, current or prior work experience and education), answers to screening questions provided by employers, and job application status. Job title and company name Job title and company name Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile Inferences used to reflect a consumer’s preferences or behavior on our Website. Inferences used to reflect a consumer’s preferences or behavior on our Website. Inferences used to reflect a consumer’s preferences or behavior on our Website. Inferences used to reflect a consumer’s preferences or behavior on our Website. Sensitive Personal Information Account log-in and password to the User’s ZipRecruiter account. Account log-in and password to the User’s ZipRecruiter account. Account log-in and password to the User’s ZipRecruiter account; and SSN (as described above). N/A NOTE : ZipRecruiter has not collected any of the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months: Biometric information (such as genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data) Sensory data (such as audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information) Non-public education information, per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)) (such as education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. Other sensitive personal information, as defined in the CCPA, that is not otherwise identified above (for example, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not collected precise geolocation, genetic data, or personal information concerning a consumer’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation). B. Non-Personal Information Collected ZipRecruiter collects, uses and discloses de-identified and/or aggregated consumer information, which is not considered personal information. Deidentified or aggregated data may be derived from your personal information, but is not considered personal information under CCPA, since it does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Internet or other similar network activity to calculate the percentage of Users accessing a specific Website feature. To the extent that ZipRecruiter collects consumer information that is in de-identified form, we will maintain and use the information in de-identified form and not attempt to re-identify the information. C. Sources of Personal Information We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: Directly from you . For example, when you fill in forms, create an account, submit your resume/CV, or correspond with us by post, phone, e-mail or otherwise. Indirectly from you . For example, through automated technologies or your interactions with us, including from observing your actions when you use our Website. From Your Company . If your company is a Client or Marketplace Client, we may receive personal information about you from your company for purposes of setting you up with a User account on our Website. Third Parties . We may receive personal information about you from various third parties, such as data analytics providers, data brokers (for business-related data), advertising networks, service providers, third parties you directly interact with on our Website (such as your job application status), or other third parties that you direct to disclose information to us. In our capacity as a service provider (see Section 7 below). 3. Our Business or Commercial Purposes for Collecting, Selling, or Sharing Personal Information A. PURPOSES FOR COLLECTING OR USING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We describe in detail in our Global Privacy Policy the context in which your personal information may be collected, along with how and why we use your personal information. Pursuant to the CCPA, we may use the personal information we collect from Users for one or more of the following business or commercial purposes: To fulfill or meet the reason for which the personal information is provided. For example, if you provide your personal information to create an account, we will use that information to create your account. To create, maintain, manage, customize, and/or secure your account with us. To communicate with you about your account or our Services, and to manage our relationship with you. To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including investigating and addressing your concerns and monitor and improve our responses. To send you email job alerts, if you registered to receive job alerts. To send you job-related text messages (SMS), if you have consented to receive such messages. To send you other marketing communications (where you have asked us to or where permitted, and you have not otherwise opted out) or push notifications which may be tailored to your “profile” ( i.e., based on the personal information we know about you) and your preferences. To send you newsletters where you have indicated an interest or shown an interest based on your preferences as shown by your activity on the Website and/or your profile. To maintain certain pieces of your information on a suppression list, if you’ve indicated to us that you don’t want to be communicated in a particular way. To manage any promotions or competitions you entered. To seek your feedback via a survey that gathers your sentiments on various topics or aspects of our Services (where you have not otherwise opted out of receiving such surveys). To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law). To enable our Website to function properly (ensure proper display of content), create and remember your account login details, and for interface personalization, such as language, or any user-interface customization. To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Services. To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments, and prevent transactional fraud. To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing or collections, or manage payment disputes or issues with the Services. To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Services, databases and other technology assets, and business. To detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity. For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to collect statistics and develop and improve our Website or Services. For debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality of our Website or Services. To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA. In connection with or during negotiations of any proposed or actual financing, merger, purchase, sale, sale or transfer of some or all of our assets or stock, joint venture, or any other type of financing, acquisition or business combination of our company, or all or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another company, including without limitation in the event of a divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other event, whether as an ongoing concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by ZipRecruiter is among the assets transferred. ZipRecruiter may collect or use your sensitive personal information only as necessary to perform the Services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer, or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA.  Specifically, ZipRecruiter collects or uses your sensitive personal information for the following purposes: For all Users, where we collect an account log-in and password, this information is used to permit you to access your ZipRecruiter User account, authenticate you as a User, and for other security-related purposes. For Marketplace Clients, we will collect and use your SSN (if you provide us with a W-9 and your SSN is used as the Tax Identification Number) to make payments to you and comply with our tax and financial obligations. ZipRecruiter will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. B. Purposes for Selling or Sharing Your Personal Information ZipRecruiter may sell or share your personal information for the following business or commercial purposes: To deliver targeted offers and advertisements about ZipRecruiter’s services and products through third-party sites, including third-party segment creation and frequency capping. Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, measuring ad performance, conducting ad fraud detection, recording on ad viewability, and auditing compliance. ZipRecruiter does not sell or share any sensitive personal information, and it does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares personal information of consumers under 16 years of age. 4. How We Disclose Your Personal Information A. Disclosures of Personal Information at Your Direction We disclose your personal information when you intentionally interact with third parties and when you direct us or intentionally use ZipRecruiter to disclose your personal information in connection with the Services that we provide to you. For example: If you are a Job Seeker and apply to a job posting on our Website or choose to connect with a specific employer, we will disclose your personal information to that prospective employer and/or its agent or representative (including but not limited to, external Applicant Tracking Systems or any other external systems used by the direct employer to manage the hiring of employees or other categories of workers). If you are a Job Seeker and you are opted-in to our Resume Database, we will disclose your personal information to prospective employers and/or their agents or representatives that have access to the Resume Database. We will also disclose your personal information at your direction for any other purpose as specified on the Website or within the Services, provided you agree to such disclosure. If you are a Client, and you invite candidates to apply, or request that ZipRecruiter assist in helping to invite candidates to apply to or interview for your job advertisement, we will disclose your personal information with the prospective candidate to invite them to apply or interview with you. We will also disclose your personal information at your direction for any other purpose as specified on the Website or within the Services, provided you agree to such disclosure. Pursuant to the CCPA, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we may have disclosed the following categories of personal information at your direction, depending on the information that you include in your ZipRecruiter job seeker profile, resume/CV, and/or job application materials: Category A: Identifiers Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law Category F: Geolocation data Category G: Professional or employment-related information B. Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose We describe in detail in our Global Privacy Policy the context in which your personal information may be disclosed to a third party. Table 3 below identifies the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties, service providers, or others for a business purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. Table 3 - Disclosures for a Business Purpose Category Disclosed for a Business Purpose Categories of Third Parties Identifiers Companies within our corporate family that comprise the ZipRecruiter Group Data and web analytics providers Vendors, service providers, and contractors Professional advisors Advertising partners Advertising networks Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). Companies within our corporate family that comprise the ZipRecruiter Group Data and web analytics providers Vendors, service providers, and contractors Professional advisors Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law Companies within our corporate family that comprise the ZipRecruiter Group Data and web analytics providers Vendors, service providers, and contractors Professional advisors Commercial information Companies within our corporate family that comprise the ZipRecruiter Group Data and web analytics providers Vendors, service providers, and contractors Professional advisors Internet or other similar network activity Companies within our corporate family that comprise the ZipRecruiter Group Data and web analytics providers Vendors, service providers, and contractors Professional advisors Advertising partners Advertising networks Geolocation data Companies within our corporate family that comprise the ZipRecruiter Group Data and web analytics providers Vendors, service providers, and contractors Professional advisors Advertising partners Advertising networks Professional or employment-related information Companies within our corporate family that comprise the ZipRecruiter Group Data and web analytics providers Vendors, service providers, and contractors Professional advisors Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile Companies within our corporate family that comprise the ZipRecruiter Group Data and web analytics providers Vendors, service providers, and contractors Professional advisors Sensitive Personal Information Companies within our corporate family that comprise the ZipRecruiter Group Data and web analytics providers Vendors, service providers, and contractors Professional advisors In addition, ZipRecruiter may disclose any or all of the personal information identified in the categories above to the following categories of third parties for a business purpose, depending on how you interact with our Services and/or where ZipRecruiter has an obligation to make such disclosure: Social networks, where you interact with such parties directly. Third party partners that are integrated into our Services, where you interact with such partners directly. Government entities, where required by law or in order to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations. Other third parties, where required by law or in order to protect our rights, or the rights of our customers or others. Third parties, in connection with a merger, sale, or asset transfer. Third parties, where you have expressly consented to the disclosure of your personal information. Additional information concerning the above disclosures, and the context in which your personal information may be disclosed to these categories of third parties, can be found in Section 6 of our Global Privacy Policy . ZipRecruiter does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, except as necessary to perform the Services or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA (as detailed further in this Privacy Notice). C. Sale or Sharing of Personal Information Your privacy is our priority, and we do not monetize your personal information by selling it to third parties. After you visit our Website and/or use our Services, you may receive targeted advertisements about ZipRecruiter when you visit other websites ( i.e., social media sites, search engines or other websites that are unrelated to ZipRecruiter) (collectively, “Other Websites”). This happens because we use third-party vendors to provide you with information about our Services based upon your interactions with our Website. We also may place third-party cookies and other tracking technologies on our Website to track your interactions with ZipRecruiter ads placed on Other Websites. These third-party vendors may additionally collect certain personal information about you through cookies and other tracking technologies (see our Cookie Policy for more information). These third-party vendors may work with additional downstream providers in their relationship network that assist the third-party vendor in providing the advertising services to us. When personal information is disclosed by ZipRecruiter in the manner described above, it may constitute a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information under the CCPA. Pursuant to the CCPA, we may sell or share, and in the preceding twelve (12) months we have sold or shared, the following categories of personal information for the purpose of showing you ads about ZipRecruiter Services: Category A: Identifiers Category E: Internet or other similar network activity Category F: Geolocation data In this limited context, we may sell or share each of the categories of personal information listed above with the following categories of third parties: Third-party advertising partners or advertising networks The CCPA prohibits third parties who purchase the personal information we hold from reselling it unless they provide you explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales. ZipRecruiter does not sell or share any sensitive personal information, and does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age. 5. Your Consumer Rights The CCPA provides consumers with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how you can exercise them. These rights are not absolute and certain exceptions apply under the CCPA. If you are a California resident, and the CCPA does not recognize an exception that applies to you, your personal information, or our processing of such information, you will have the rights identified in Table 4 below. Table 4 - Consumer Rights Right to Know / Access The right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. Right to Delete The right to request that ZipRecruiter delete your personal information that we have collected from you. Right to Correct The right to request that ZipRecruiter correct any inaccurate personal information that it maintains about you. Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing The right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information to third parties. Right of No Retaliation The right not to be discriminated against because you exercised any of your CCPA rights. 6. How to Exercise Your Consumer Rights We have designed a number of tools to help give you more control over your personal information.  To exercise a CCPA consumer right as described above, you can use one of the self-serve tools described below, or otherwise submit a verifiable consumer request to us by emailing dsars@ziprecruiter.com . Additional details are provided below. A. Correcting Inaccurate Information For Job Seeker Accounts: If you are a Job Seeker and would like to correct any inaccurate personal information we hold about you, you may log in to your password-protected “Job Seeker” account on the Website, and review or update your information in the “Profile” tab. For Client Accounts: If you are a Client and would like to correct any inaccurate personal information we hold about you, you may log in to your password-protected “Employer” account on the Website, navigate to the “My Account” drop down (in the upper right corner), click on your name and then “My Profile”, and review or update your information. For Marketplace Client Accounts: If you are a Marketplace Client with an account in our Marketplace Services , and would like to correct any inaccurate personal information we hold about you, you may log in to your password-protected account on the Website, and navigate to the “Edit User Profile” (to update your name, phone number or password), or the “Credit Card” tab (to add or change the credit card information on file). For Affiliated Sites: If you are a User of one of our Affiliated Sites and would like to correct any inaccurate personal information we hold about you, you may log in to your password-protected account on the Affiliate Site (where applicable), and review or update your profile information. Send Us an Email With Your Request: For personal information that cannot be corrected through the self-serve tools noted above, you may send an email to dsars@ziprecruiter.com . To submit a verifiable consumer request via email, you must email us from the email address that is associated with your User Account, and identify what personal information we maintain that is inaccurate and which you are unable to correct. B. Accessing Your Personal Information For Job Seeker Accounts: If you are a Job Seeker and would like to access your personal information or obtain a copy of your personal information in a portable manner, you may log in to your password-protected account on the Website, visit the Account Settings page, click “Request Data” (or click here to login and be taken directly to that page).  When your export is processed, we will send an email to the email address associated with your Job Seeker account containing an access code required to download the data. We consider requests made through your password-protected account on the Website sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account. For Client Accounts: If you are a Client and would like to access your personal information or obtain a copy of your personal information in a portable manner, you may send an email to dsars@ziprecruiter.com directly from the email address associated with the account. Once we receive and process the request, we will send an email to the email address associated with your Client account containing an access code required to download the data. We consider requests made through your password-protected account on the Website sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account. For Affiliated Sites: If you are a User of one of our Affiliated Sites and would like to access your personal information or obtain a copy of your personal information in a portable manner, you may log in to your password-protected account on the Affiliate Site (where applicable), and visit the user settings page.  We consider requests made through your password-protected account on the Affiliate Site sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account. Send Us an Email With Your Request: You may send an email to dsars@ziprecruiter.com if you would like to access a copy of your personal information or obtain a copy of your personal information in a portable manner. To submit a verifiable consumer request via email, you must email us from the email address that is associated with your User Account.  If you are requesting access to categories and/or specific pieces of your personal information, you will be asked to provide identifying information that enables us to verify your identity with information in our system. Once you submit your verifiable consumer request, we will verify your identity by matching the information you provided us with information in our systems. C. Deleting Your Personal Information For Job Seeker Accounts: If you are a Job Seeker and would like to delete your Job Seeker account (including the personal information associated with your account), you may log in to your password-protected account on the Website, visit the Account Settings page,  and click “Delete Account” (or click here to login and be taken directly to that page).  We consider requests made through your password-protected account on the Website sufficiently verified when the deletion request relates to that specific account. For Client Accounts: If you are a Client and would like to delete your Client account (including the personal information associated with your account), you may send an email to dsars@ziprecruiter.com directly from the email address associated with the account. Once we receive and process the request, you will receive an automated email from us that includes a unique code that you will need to enter into your Client account to verify your identity and confirm your account deletion request. The deletion will not be processed until the code is entered into your account. We consider requests made through your password-protected account on the Website sufficiently verified when the deletion request relates to that specific account. For Affiliated Sites: If you are a User of one of our Affiliated Sites and would like to delete your account, you may log in to your password-protected account on the Affiliate Site (where applicable), and visit the user settings page.  We consider requests made through your password-protected account on the Affiliate Site sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account. Send Us an Email with Your Request: All Users may send an email to dsars@ziprecruiter.com with their deletion request. To submit a verifiable consumer request via email, you must email us from the email address that is associated with your User Account.  We may ask you to provide identifying information that enables us to verify your identity with information in our system. Once you submit your verifiable consumer request, we will verify your identity by matching the information you provided us with information in our systems. D. Opting Out of the Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information For ZipRecruiter.com Users: For more information, or to submit an opt-out request, you (or your authorized representative) may visit our Notice of Right to Opt-Out page or email your request to dsars@ziprecruiter.com . You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out request. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. For Users of an Affiliated Site: For more information, or to submit an opt-out request, you (or your authorized representative) may visit the applicable Notice of Right to Opt-Out page linked from our Affiliated Sites page or email your request to dsars@ziprecruiter.com . You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out request. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. For All Users: You may also use an opt-out preference signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC), to opt-out of the sale and sharing of your personal information in accordance with the CPRA. If you use the GPC, your request to opt-out of the sale and sharing will be linked to your browser identifier only.  It will not be linked to your email address (where applicable). If you would like us to make the connection between your browser and your email address, and you have not yet opted out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, please visit the applicable Notice of Right to Opt Out page, noted above. E. Making a Verifiable Consumer Request We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account on the Website or Affiliated Site sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. Using an Authorized Agent: If you use an authorized agent to submit a consumer request, the authorized agent must provide documentation or other proof indicating that they are authorized to act on your behalf. For requests to correct, access or delete personal information, we may require you to verify your identity directly with us (for example, by emailing us directly from the email address associated with your User account), and directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. If you are an authorized agent, you may make a request by emailing dsars@ziprecruiter.com and providing documentation or other proof indicating that you are authorized by the consumer to act on their behalf. The authorized agent must provide documentation necessary (as determined in ZipRecruiter's discretion) to verify the agent has authority to act on the consumer's behalf in relation to CCPA requests. Limitations on CCPA Requests: You may only make a verifiable consumer request to know or for access twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must: Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Metrics: Metrics related to CCPA requests received during the previous calendar year are available here . F. Response Timing and Format We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing (email suffices). The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data access requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance, for example, through an Excel or JSON file format. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the verifiable consumer request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. H. Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: Deny you goods or services. Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. 7. ZipRecruiter as a Service Provider In certain instances, our Marketplace Clients hire ZipRecruiter to provide Services on behalf of the Client. In such cases, we process personal information under the direction of that Marketplace Client as a service provider, and we have no direct relationship with the individuals (consumers) whose personal information we process. Where ZipRecruiter acts as a service provider, it will be subject to a separate Master Services Agreement, Insertion Order, and/or Services Agreement, as applicable, executed by the Marketplace Client, which expressly incorporates the Marketplace Services Privacy and Security Addendum (“Privacy Addendum”). The Privacy Addendum requires ZipRecruiter to collect, retain, use, disclose, and/or otherwise process personal information solely as a service provider. Where ZipRecruiter collects your personal information in the capacity of a service provider, and you want to know/access, correct, amend, or delete your personal information, or have another request, we will provide you with the Client’s contact information, so you can contact them directly. In rare instances, however, circumstances may necessitate ZipRecruiter assisting you with your question or request. 8. Retention of Personal Information Different retention periods apply for different types and categories of personal information. Table 5 below identifies the criteria used to determine the length of time ZipRecruiter intends to retain each category of personal information. Once you request that we delete your personal information, we will do so except where we are otherwise permitted or required to retain that information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Table 5 - Retention Criteria Categories of Personal Information Criteria Used to Determine the Applicable Retention Period Identifiers (e.g., name, alias, postal address, email address, telephone number, social media profile, social media address, username, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, device IDs, account name, other similar identifiers, and SSN) To comply with our legal obligations under applicable law; to provide our Services to you or the time period that a User decides to keep their account open; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of fraud prevention, security, or to otherwise help ensure the integrity of the Services; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of establishing or defending a legal, regulatory, or law enforcement claim or investigation; and/or for any other permitted purpose under the CCPA. If you request to receive no further contact from us, we will keep some basic information about you on our suppression list in order to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future. Personal information categories listed in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e) (e.g., name, signature, SSN, address, telephone number, employment, and bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information) To comply with our legal obligations under applicable law; to provide our Services to you or the time period that a User decides to keep their account open; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of fraud prevention, security, or to otherwise help ensure the integrity of the Services; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of establishing or defending a legal, regulatory, or law enforcement claim or investigation; and/or for any other permitted purpose under the CCPA. If you request to receive no further contact from us, we will keep some basic information about you on our suppression list in order to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future. Protected classification characteristics (e.g., age, race, color, sex, sexual orientation, etc. that you choose to provide in your job application) As explained above, ZipRecruiter does not request or require you to provide protected classification characteristics.  However, if you provide any protected classification characteristics to ZipRecruiter when using our Services, we will retain that information to comply with our legal obligations under applicable law; to provide our Services to you or the time period that a User decides to keep their account open; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of fraud prevention, security, or to otherwise help ensure the integrity of the Services; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of establishing or defending a legal, regulatory, or law enforcement claim or investigation; and/or for any other permitted purpose under the CCPA. Commercial information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies (such as details about payments to and from you), details regarding the services that you have subscribed to or purchased, and details about your company or organization) To comply with our legal obligations under applicable law; to provide our Services to you or the time period that a User decides to keep their account open; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of fraud prevention, security, or to otherwise help ensure the integrity of the Services; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of establishing or defending a legal, regulatory, or law enforcement claim or investigation; and/or for any other permitted purpose under the CCPA. Internet or other similar network activity (e.g., login data, search history, access dates and times, browsing history, browser type and version, device information, cookie data, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices used to access the Website, and other similar activity concerning an interaction with our Services) To comply with our legal obligations under applicable law; to provide our Services to you or the time period that a User decides to keep their account open; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of fraud prevention, security, or to otherwise help ensure the integrity of the Services; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of establishing or defending a legal, regulatory, or law enforcement claim or investigation; and/or for any other permitted purpose under the CCPA. Geolocation data (e.g., time zone setting and approximate location; latitude and longitude) To comply with our legal obligations under applicable law; to provide our Services to you or the time period that a User decides to keep their account open; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of fraud prevention, security, or to otherwise help ensure the integrity of the Services; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of establishing or defending a legal, regulatory, or law enforcement claim or investigation; and/or for any other permitted purpose under the CCPA. Professional or employment-related information (e.g., job searches, candidate searches, job applications, any information provided in a resume/CV or job seeker profile (including, but not limited to, executive summary, objective, current or prior work experience and education), answers to screening questions provided by employers, and job application status) To comply with our legal obligations under applicable law; to provide our Services to you or the time period that a User decides to keep their account open; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of fraud prevention, security, or to otherwise help ensure the integrity of the Services; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of establishing or defending a legal, regulatory, or law enforcement claim or investigation; and/or for any other permitted purpose under the CCPA. Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile (e.g., inferences used to reflect a User’s preferences or behavior on our Website) To comply with our legal obligations under applicable law; to provide our Services to you or the time period that a User decides to keep their account open; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of fraud prevention, security, or to otherwise help ensure the integrity of the Services; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of establishing or defending a legal, regulatory, or law enforcement claim or investigation; and/or for any other permitted purpose under the CCPA. Sensitive Personal Information (e.g., account log-in and password to the User’s ZipRecruiter account; and SSN) To comply with our legal obligations under applicable law; to provide our Services to you or the time period that a User decides to keep their account open; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of fraud prevention, security, or to otherwise help ensure the integrity of the Services; the time that ZipRecruiter uses the data in furtherance of establishing or defending a legal, regulatory, or law enforcement claim or investigation; and/or for any other permitted purpose under the CCPA. 9. Changes to this California Privacy Notice We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time. If we propose to make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice on the Website or by issuing an email to the email address listed by registered Users prior to the changes becoming effective, and will update the Privacy Notice’s effective date. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to maintain a valid email address as a registered User, and to review the Website and this Privacy Notice periodically in order to be aware of any modifications. If you object to any changes to the revised Privacy Notice, you can stop using our Services and close your account with us. However, if you continue to use our Services (including the Website) after we publish a new or updated Privacy Notice, you acknowledge that such continued use means that the treatment of your personal information will be subject to the new or updated Privacy Notice. 10. Contact Information If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, the ways in which ZipRecruiter collects and uses your information described herein, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please contact us by using the communication means described below. Email : dsars@ziprecruiter.com Mailing Address : ZipRecruiter, Inc., 604 Arizona Avenue, Santa Monica, California 90401, USA, Attn: Business Affairs Your privacy is our priority. Learn more: Your Privacy Choices COVID-19 Resources Privacy Policy Ca lifornia Privacy Notice Terms of Use Job Posting Rules Cookie Policy Transparency Report Attribution Notices Corp orate Responsibility ZipRecruiter, Inc. © All Rights Reserved Worldwide