Privacy Policy - Roqad Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies We use cookies to provide social media features and to analyze (for our US friends) and analyse (for our friends who were educated in UK style English) our traffic. Of course we could use our probabilistic identity graph to do cookieless identity resolution for our company, but to be honest, our scale-up isn't quite within our ICP, which mainly includes DSPs, DMPs, CDPs, agencies and larger brands that rely on deterministic identifiers and could use a little audience amplification! Don't forget about your individual rights as a data subject. If you ever want to delete, access, or modify the personal (but non-PII) data that we have about you, feel free to reach out and we'll take care of it. :) For more details, please check https://www.roq.ad/privacy-policy-roqad/ Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 3 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP youtube.com play.google.com 2 CONSENT [x2] Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP Preferences 10 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider loglevel Maintains settings and outputs when using the Developer Tools Console on current session. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YouTube 9 Learn more about this provider VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 179 days Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML Statistics 8 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 6 Learn more about this provider pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 399 days Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 399 days Type : HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 29 days Type : HTTP ln_or Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Marketing 22 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Google 5 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hubspot 4 Learn more about this provider embed/v3/counters.gif [x2] Used to implement forms on the website. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 5 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP bscookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 179 days Type : HTTP lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 29 days Type : HTTP Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP js.hs-banner.com 4 __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : 179 days Type : HTTP hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : 179 days Type : HTTP Unclassified 1 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. 3rd-party-cookie-test.roqad.pl 1 third_party_c_t Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 3/5/23 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Save my choices Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NZQZJFL" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Identity Solutions Industries Geographies Case Studies Insights About Give Roqad a Try Home Privacy Policy Roqad Privacy Policy We are delighted that you have interest in our company. Data protection is of particularly high priority for Roq.ad. The use of our website of Roq.ad is possible without any indication of personal data. However, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject. The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, email address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to Roq.ad. By means of this data protection declaration, our company would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled. As the controller, Roq.ad has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone. Data Protection Officer ePrivacy GmbH represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer Große Bleichen 21, 20354 Hamburg For all request concerning the security of your data you can contact our privacy team and data protection officer at privacy@roq.ad . If you have a particularly sensitive request, please contact our data protection officer by postal mail. The communication by email can always be flawed by security gaps. Name and Address of the Controller Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is: Roq.ad GmbH Taubenstraße 26, 4th floor 10117 Berlin, Germany +49 172 589 7954 contact@roq.ad www.roq.ad Definitions The data protection declaration of Roq.ad is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used. In this data protection declaration, we use the following terms: Consent Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject’s wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her. Controller or Controller Responsible for the Processing Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law. Data Subject Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing. Personal Data Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. Processing Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. Recipient Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing. Restriction of Processing Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future. Processor Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller. Profiling Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements. Pseudonymisation Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person. Third Party Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data. Offer Meaningful Choice Mobile applications and web browsers operate with different identifiers even though they may be on the same device. This is similar to how different web browsers on your computer have independent identifiers. Because mobile apps and web browser have different identifiers, you will need to opt-out of each environment separately. At this time we do not respond to browser ‘do not track’ signals, as we await the work of interested stakeholders and others to develop standards for how such signals should be interpreted and to evaluate how they work in practice. If you are interested in opting out on your computer or mobile web browser, please visit the “Web Browser Opt-out” section below. When you opt out, there may be a limited delay in some of our customers’ ability to update their information and honor your choice. Web Browser Opt-out Roq.ad’s opt-out information can be found in our Privacy page here . You can opt out from the Network Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page here or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Opt-out page here . We make best effort to provide a persistent opt-out for online display and, independently, for mobile web. This opt-out must be performed on each device and browser that you want to be opted out on. For example, if you want to opt-out on your computer browser as well as your mobile device browser, you will need to click on the link above in both your computer browser as well as your mobile device browser. PLEASE NOTE: In the web browser environment, do not just delete cookies from your browser. The Roq.ad web browser opt-out works by replacing your unique cookie ID with a generic opted-out value. This happens both on the cookie in your browser as well as on server side. Thus, if you attempt to opt-out by clearing cookies, or deleting your device’s content cache Roq.ad will not be able to recognize your device as having opted-out, and if you subsequently visit one of Roq.ad’s website partners, you may then get a new Roq.ad cookie. The above opt-out will only be enabled if you are accessing it from a Javascript-enabled browser and 3rd party cookies are enabled. These two technologies are required for us to provide a persistent opt-out. Other technologies, such as HTML5 local storage, may also be used in order to make opt-out as persistent as possible. Cookies The Internet pages of Roq.ad use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser. Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the dats subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID. Through the use of cookies, Roq.ad can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting. The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable. Our cookies are set for 365 days. Internally we remove all data after 90 days. We stop using user’s data after 30 days. Collection of General Data and Information The website of Roq.ad collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems. When using these general data and information, Roq.ad does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, Roq.ad analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject. The processing purpose Roq.ad processes received signals to generate cross-device graph. The graph includes only IDs connected into clusters indicating our predictions for user-owned devices. Tracking mechanism and the data types used Roq.ad technology may track users visiting websites with simple js script that allows to save common HTTP request data including: browser’s cookie ID, browser’s user agent, hashed IP address of the browser, visited URL, browser’s language, referrer URL. For more information on our Identity Graph please see: https://www.roq.ad/identity-graph The underlying data transfers EU data is kept in the EU. US data is kept in the US. Roq.ad may transfer cookie IDs or MAIDs to its enterprise customers (advertisers, MarTech firms) as part of the generated cross-device graph. Subscription to our Newsletters On the website of Roq.ad, users are given the opportunity to subscribe to our company’s newsletter. The input mask used for this purpose determines what personal data are transmitted, as well as when the newsletter is ordered from the controller. Roq.ad informs its customers and business partners regularly by means of a newsletter about company offers. The company’s newsletter may only be received by the data subject if (1) the data subject has a valid email address and (2) the data subject registers for the newsletter shipping. A confirmation email will be sent to the email address registered by a data subject for the first time for newsletter shipping, for legal reasons, in the double opt-in procedure. This confirmation email is used to prove whether the owner of the email address as the data subject is authorized to receive the newsletter. During the registration for the newsletter, we also store the IP address of the computer system assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject at the time of the registration, as well as the date and time of the registration. The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the email address of a data subject at a later date, and it therefore serves the aim of the legal protection of the controller. The personal data collected as part of a registration for the newsletter will only be used to send our newsletter. In addition, subscribers to the newsletter may be informed by email, as long as this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or a registration in question, as this could be the case in the event of modifications to the newsletter offer, or in the event of a change in technical circumstances. There will be no transfer of personal data collected by the newsletter service to third parties. The subscription to our newsletter may be terminated by the data subject at any time. The consent to the storage of personal data, which the data subject has given for shipping the newsletter, may be revoked at any time. For the purpose of revocation of consent, a corresponding link is found in each newsletter. It is also possible to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time directly on the website of the controller, or to communicate this to the controller in a different way. Newsletter Tracking The newsletter of Roq.ad contains so-called tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in such emails, which are sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and analysis. This allows a statistical analysis of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns. Based on the embedded tracking pixel, Roq.ad may see if and when an email was opened by a data subject, and which links in the email were called up by data subjects. Such personal data collected in the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters are stored and analyzed by the controller in order to optimize the shipping of the newsletter, as well as to adapt the content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the data subject. These personal data will not be passed on to third parties. Data subjects are at any time entitled to revoke the respective separate declaration of consent issued by means of the double-opt-in procedure. After a revocation, these personal data will be deleted by the controller. Roq.ad automatically regards a withdrawal from the receipt of the newsletter as a revocation. Contact Possibility via the Website The website of Roq.ad contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our company, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (email address). If a data subject contacts the controller by email or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties. Routine Erasure and Blocking of Personal Data The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to. If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements. Rights of the Data Subject Right of Confirmation Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller. Right of Access Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information: the purposes of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations; where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period; the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing; the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority; where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source; the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject. Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller. Right to Rectification Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement. If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller. Right to Erasure (Right to be Forgotten) Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary: The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed. The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed. The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing. The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR. The personal data have been unlawfully processed. The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject. The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR. If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by Roq.ad, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller. An employee of Roq.ad shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately. Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. An employees of Roq.ad will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases. Right of Restriction of Processing Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies. The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data. The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead. The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject. If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by Roq.ad, he or she may at any time contact any employee of the controller. The employee of Roq.ad will arrange the restriction of the processing. Right to Data Portability Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller. Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact any employee of Roq.ad. Right to Object Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions. Roq.ad shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. If Roq.ad processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to Roq.ad to the processing for direct marketing purposes, Roq.ad will no longer process the personal data for these purposes. In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by Roq.ad for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest. In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact any employee of Roq.ad. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications. Automated Individual Decision-making, Including Profiling Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject’s explicit consent. If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject’s explicit consent, Roq.ad shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision. If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of Roq.ad. Right to Withdraw Data Protection Consent Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time. If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of Roq.ad. Data Protection for Applications and the Application Procedures The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure. The processing may also be carried out electronically. This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by email or by means of a web form on the website to the controller. If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with legal requirements. If no employment contract is concluded with the applicant by the controller, the application documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller are opposed to the erasure. Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.g. a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG). Data Protection Provisions about the Application and Use of Facebook On this website, the controller has integrated components of company Facebook. Facebook is a social network. The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States. If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is the Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component. An overview of all the Facebook Plug-ins may be accessed under https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject. If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject. Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our website is made. The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook. Data Protection Provisions about the Application and Use of Google Analytics (with anonymization function) On this website, the controller has integrated the component of Google Analytics (with the anonymizer function). Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed. Web analytics are mainly used for the optimization of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising. The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States. For the web analytics through Google Analytics the controller uses the application “_gat. _anonymizeIp”. By means of this application the IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by Google and anonymised when accessing our websites from a Member State of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our Internet site for us. Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyze the use of our website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google Analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements. The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our Internet site, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties. The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs. In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. This browser add-on tells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google. If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons. Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and under https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. Google Analytics is further explained under the following Link https://www.google.com/analytics/. Data Protection Provisions about the Application and Use of Google Remarketing On this website, the controller has integrated Google Remarketing services. Google Remarketing is a feature of Google AdWords, which allows an enterprise to display advertising to Internet users who have previously resided on the enterprise’s Internet site. The integration of Google Remarketing therefore allows an enterprise to create user-based advertising and thus shows relevant advertisements to interested Internet users. The operating company of the Google Remarketing services is the Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States. The purpose of Google Remarketing is the insertion of interest-relevant advertising. Google Remarketing allows us to display ads on the Google network or on other websites, which are based on individual needs and matched to the interests of Internet users. Google Remarketing sets a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google enables a recognition of the visitor of our website if he calls up consecutive web pages, which are also a member of the Google advertising network. With each call-up to an Internet site on which the service has been integrated by Google Remarketing, the web browser of the data subject identifies automatically with Google. During the course of this technical procedure, Google receives personal information, such as the IP address or the surfing behaviour of the user, which Google uses, inter alia, for the insertion of interest relevant advertising. The cookie is used to store personal information, e.g. the Internet pages visited by the data subject. Each time we visit our Internet pages, personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, is transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties. The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs. In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to the interest-based advertising by Google. For this purpose, the data subject must call up the link to https://www.google.de/settings/ads and make the desired settings on each Internet browser used by the data subject. Further information and the actual data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. Data Protection Provisions about the Application and Use of Google-AdWords On this website, the controller has integrated Google AdWords. Google AdWords is a service for Internet advertising that allows the advertiser to place ads in Google search engine results and the Google advertising network. Google AdWords allows an advertiser to pre-define specific keywords with the help of which an ad on Google’s search results only then displayed, when the user utilizes the search engine to retrieve a keyword-relevant search result. In the Google Advertising Network, the ads are distributed on relevant web pages using an automatic algorithm, taking into account the previously defined keywords. The operating company of Google AdWords is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES. The purpose of Google AdWords is the promotion of our website by the inclusion of relevant advertising on the websites of third parties and in the search engine results of the search engine Google. If a data subject reaches our website via a Google ad, a conversion cookie is filed on the information technology system of the data subject through Google. The definition of cookies is explained above. A conversion cookie loses its validity after 30 days and is not used to identify the data subject. If the cookie has not expired, the conversion cookie is used to check whether certain sub-pages were called up on our website. The data and information collected through the use of the conversion cookie is used by Google to create visit statistics for our website. These visit statistics are used in order to determine the total number of users who have been served through AdWords ads to ascertain the success or failure of each AdWords ad and to optimize our AdWords ads in the future. Neither our company nor other Google AdWords advertisers receive information from Google that could identify the data subject. The conversion cookie stores personal information, e.g. the Internet pages visited by the data subject. Each time we visit our Internet pages, personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, is transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties. The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies by our website, as stated above, by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from placing a conversion cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, a cookie set by Google AdWords may be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs. The data subject has a possibility of objecting to the interest based advertisement of Google. Therefore, the data subject must access from each of the browsers in use the link https://www.google.de/settings/ads and set the desired settings. Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. Data Protection Provisions about the Application and Use of LinkedIn The controller has integrated components of the LinkedIn Corporation on this website. LinkedIn is a web-based social network that enables users with existing business contacts to connect and to make new business contacts. Over 400 million registered people in more than 200 countries use LinkedIn. Thus, LinkedIn is currently the largest platform for business contacts and one of the most visited websites in the world. The operating company of LinkedIn is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court Mountain View, CA 94043, UNITED STATES. For privacy matters outside of the UNITED STATES LinkedIn Ireland, Privacy Policy Issues, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland, is responsible. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a LinkedIn component (LinkedIn plug-in) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to the download of a display of the corresponding LinkedIn component of LinkedIn. Further information about the LinkedIn plug-in may be accessed under https://developer.linkedin.com/plugins. During the course of this technical procedure, LinkedIn gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. If the data subject is logged in at the same time on LinkedIn, LinkedIn detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the LinkedIn component and associated with the respective LinkedIn account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the LinkedIn buttons integrated on our website, then LinkedIn assigns this information to the personal LinkedIn user account of the data subject and stores the personal data. LinkedIn receives information via the LinkedIn component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in at LinkedIn at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the LinkedIn button or not. If such a transmission of information to LinkedIn is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their LinkedIn account before a call-up to our website is made. LinkedIn provides under https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls the possibility to unsubscribe from email messages, SMS messages and targeted ads, as well as the ability to manage ad settings. LinkedIn also uses affiliates such as Eire, Google Analytics, BlueKai, DoubleClick, Nielsen, Comscore, Eloqua, and Lotame. The setting of such cookies may be denied under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy. The applicable privacy policy for LinkedIn is available under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. The LinkedIn Cookie Policy is available under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy. Data Protection Provisions about the Application and Use of Twitter On this website, the controller has integrated components of Twitter. The operating company of Twitter is Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, UNITED STATES. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Twitter component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Twitter component of Twitter. Further information about the Twitter components is available under https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. During the course of this technical procedure, Twitter gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. The purpose of the integration of the Twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers. If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Twitter, Twitter detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Twitter component and associated with the respective Twitter account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, then Twitter assigns this information to the personal Twitter user account of the data subject and stores the personal data. Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in on Twitter at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of information to Twitter is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Twitter account before a call-up to our website is made. The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en. Legal Basis for the Processing Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR). The Legitimate Interests Pursued by the Controller or by a Third Party Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders. Period for Which the Personal Data Will Be Stored The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract. Conclusion of a Contract Provision of Personal Data as Statutory or Contractual Requirement; Requirement Necessary to Enter into a Contract; Obligation of the Data Subject to Provide the Personal Data; Possible Consequences of Failure to Provide Such Data We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact any employee. The employee clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY ADDENDUM Date Last Updated: February 7, 2022. If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides you with certain rights regarding your personal information, including the right to know about personal information collected, disclosed, or sold; the right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected from you; the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information; and the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights. These rights are subject to certain exceptions. You may also visit our general privacy policy to learn more about how we protect your information. Collection of Personal Information If you use the Services, we may collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“personal information”). We may have collected the following categories of personal information about you over the past 12 months: Identifiers, such as your name, email address, digital identifiers like cookies, mobile advertising identifiers, connected television identifiers and IP address. Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of California Civil Code Section 1798.80, such as your address. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as your age and gender. Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement. Geolocation data. Professional or employment-related information. Inferences drawn from any of the information above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. We collect the personal information listed above from the following sources: From you directly. Service providers who collect information on our behalf. Your operating device (such as your computer or mobile device) and your web browser. Analytics providers. Third-party advertising networks. Disclosure or Sale of Personal Information In the last 12 months, with your permission, we may have disclosed or sold the following categories of personal information subject to the CCPA: Identifiers, such as your name, email address, digital identifiers like cookies, mobile advertising identifiers, connected television identifiers and IP address. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as your age and gender. Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement. Geolocation data. Professional or employment-related information. Inferences drawn from any of the information above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. We may have shared or sold any of the information listed above with: Contractors and service providers. Advertising and analytics providers. eCommerce Providers. Digital Publishers. We disclose your personal information to the entities listed above for the following purposes: To provide our Customers with our Services. To improve our Services. Compliance with our legal obligations. Any other purpose described in our privacy policy . Your Rights If we maintain personal information about you that is subject to CCPA, you may exercise certain rights in connection with this data if you are a California resident. Right to Know California residents have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve months (“Right to Know”).  Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you: The categories of personal information we collected about you. The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you. The categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business or commercial purpose. Our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling personal information. The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (i.e., a data portability request). Right to Delete California residents have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we collected from you and retain, subject to certain exceptions (“Right to Delete”). Once we receive and verify your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers/vendors to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. Right to Opt-Out of Sale The CCPA provides California residents with the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. You may opt-out of the right to sale by clicking here . Right to Nondiscrimination The CCPA provides California residents with the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of their privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Exercising Your Rights If you are a California resident and wish to request for us to provide you with your Right to Know or Right to Delete, you may submit a request by us by email at [insert email address]. When you submit a request, we will confirm your identity by asking you to provide your name, the email address, and applicable digital identifiers. We will verify your identity by matching the information you provide with what we have on file for you. We may ask you for additional information to verify your identity or to comply with your request. Authorized Agent You may authorize an agent to make a request on your behalf. To designate an agent, please provide a written and signed document by both you and the agent that authorizes the agent to act on your behalf. You may also use a power of attorney. We will still require you to provide information to allow us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information. Contact for More Information ePrivacy GmbH represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer Große Bleichen 21, 20354 Hamburg, Germany If you wish to contact us regarding this California Privacy Notice, you may do so through the following methods: By email at privacy@roq.ad By calling us at +49 172 589 7954 This Global Block does not have any content. Roqad is devoted to helping revolutionize digital advertising through actionable insights about anonymized users. Our main goal is to equip companies with the specific knowledge and tools required to overcome these challenges and achieve their business objectives while respecting the strictest privacy regulations. It’s a tough job, and we’re up for the challenge. Contact Us 2600 El Camino Real, Suite 400 Palo Alto, CA 94306 Identity Solutions Identity Graph Data Onboarding Industries We Serve DSP CDP Agency Affiliate Consumer Brands Publisher Insight Blog Case Studies White Papers Geographies North America Europe Our Company About Us Privacy Approach Careers Carbon Negative Help Center © All Rights Reserved. 2015 - 2023 Site Map • Privacy Policy • Opt Out • Imprint Identity Solutions ← Back Data Onboarding Identity Graph Industries ← Back DSP CDP Agency Affiliate Marketing Networks Consumer Brand Publisher Geographies ← Back North America Europe Customers Insights ← Back Blog Case Studies White Papers Events Webinars Company ← Back About Roqad Privacy Approach Carbon Negative Careers Give Roqad a Try Privacy Policy • Opt Out • Imprint Identity Graph A privacy-compliant, probabilistic identity graph Data Onboarding Convert hashed email to various digital IDs DSP Boost your addressable audience and improve campaign performance while reducing costs in the post-third-party cookie world. CDP Close the gap between online and offline records at the customer level. Gain access to users that don't log in. Agency Empower your entire portfolio with identity solutions before the campaign starts. Optimize the campaign as it runs. Affiliate Win credit for the sales you fairly generate and improve sales recovery value. Consumer Brand Improve campaign performance and finally settle the channel attribution challenge. Publisher Raise your AYR when you gain visibility to the 80-90% of visitors that don't log in. North America Europe Blog Practical tips for running your business within the ever-changing data privacy and global digital marketing landscape. White Papers Technical resources educating on machine learning, audience amplification, graph differentiations, and more. Webinars Chats with friends of Roqad (who happen to be identity experts) Our Company Meet the team behind identity solution innovation Privacy Approach Say goodbye to privacy compliance PR anxiety when you partner with Roqad Carbon Negative We embarked on a journey of hope and invested in a better future world Careers Interested in joining our team?