California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) Notice | Tunnl <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.typekit.net/xxe2wwg.css"> <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/5.9.0/css/all.min.css"> <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/fancyapps-ui/4.0.31/fancybox.min.css"> <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://www.tunnldata.com/hs-fs/hub/6443846/hub_generated/template_assets/62322952009/1674769283596/HubUI/globals/Footer/Footer-v2.min.css"> This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy . If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked. Accept Decline <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5LC8N8Z" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Skip to main content About What Does Tunnl Do? Meet the Team Explore Careers DCA Live Red Hot Companies Audiences Prebuilt Audiences Hundreds of issue-based audiences with detailed demographic and media insights ready to use right away—for free. Learn More Prebuilt Audience Library Browse through all of your prebuilt audience options and access the right ones for you instantly. Browse Now Custom Audiences Campaigning on an extra-niche issue? You could be a good fit for a custom audience made by Tunnl only for you. Learn More Opinion Makers Reach the most influential people in the nation with the exclusive Opinion Makers audiences, prebuilt but premium. Learn More Platform & Pricing Platform Discover what Tunnl's three different tiers of audience intelligence platform can do for your campaign's reach and efficiency. Learn More Pricing Get a clear idea of what using Tunnl will cost you based on the niche-ness of your audience and the complexity of your insights. Learn More Resources Open Search Login Get Started Search for topics or resources Enter your search below and hit enter or click the search icon. Close Search About Audiences Platform & Pricing Resources Login Get Started About What Does Tunnl Do? Meet the Team Explore Careers DCA Live Red Hot Companies Audiences Prebuilt Audiences Hundreds of issue-based audiences with detailed demographic and media insights ready to use right away—for free. Prebuilt Audience Library Browse through all of your prebuilt audience options and access the right ones for you instantly. Custom Audiences Campaigning on an extra-niche issue? You could be a good fit for a custom audience made by Tunnl only for you. Opinion Makers Reach the most influential people in the nation with the exclusive Opinion Makers audiences, prebuilt but premium. Prebuilt Audiences Prebuilt Audience Library Custom Audiences Opinion Makers Platform & Pricing Platform Discover what Tunnl's three different tiers of audience intelligence platform can do for your campaign's reach and efficiency. Pricing Get a clear idea of what using Tunnl will cost you based on the niche-ness of your audience and the complexity of your insights. Platform Pricing Last modified March 2023 California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) Notice This policy applies only to California residents and supplements our general privacy policy (available here ) with details on our practices presented in a way the state requires. We hope this helps you understand what personal data we are collecting and how we use that information. Throughout this policy, you will see us refer to “personal data.” This means, at a general level, information that describes, identifies, or relates to you or your household. Categories of personal data we collect We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California consumer or household (“Personal Data”). As described above, we have collected one or more data types in the following categories of personal data about individuals within the twelve (12) months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy: Categories of information Identifiers such as a real name postal address, and email address Any categories of personal data described in Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e), such as real name and postal address. Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or federal law, such as religion, country of origin, gender, and age. Commercial information , including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information , including but not limited, to browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet Web site, application, or advertisement. Inferences drawn to create a profile, such as predicted views on various issues, politics, and purchases. For additional information, see The Information We Collect . Categories of sources of personal data We obtain the categories of personal data listed above from the following categories of sources: Individuals responding to opinion surveys taken by third-party market research companies on our behalf. Data sets licensed from third-party vendors who have lawful access to such information. Our website, software, and platforms. Correspondence received through the “Contact Us” link on our website. For additional information, see The Information We Collect . Our business and commercial purposes for collecting personal data We use the personal information we collect for our operational purposes and other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Those purposes may include: Assisting our clients to communicate with adult consumers and registered voters in more relevant and meaningful ways about the topics and issues that matter to them. Making predictions about audiences with similar characteristics as to how likely the group would be to purchase a certain product or support a specific political candidate. Undertaking internal research to develop new products and services and to improve our existing products and services. For our internal operations, such as auditing, analyzing trends, operating our websites, and exercising/defending legal claims. To comply with our legal obligations, including compliance obligations and cooperating with law enforcement. We do not use your sensitive personal data, as explained above, for reasons other than those allowed by California Civil Code 1798.121(a) and associated regulations. For additional information, see How We Use Information We Receive. Disclosures of personal data In the twelve (12) months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement, we have disclosed the following categories of personal data of California consumers for a business purpose: For additional information, see How We Use Information We Receive. Sale of personal data In the past twelve (12) months, we have sold the following categories of personal information of California consumers: We do not sell personal data of minors under 16 years of age. If you would like to request that we not sell personal data we have collected about you, please fill out the webform located here . You can also e-mail us a request containing your full name, physical address and telephone number at ccpa.optout@tunnldata.com . You may also opt out by calling our dedicated toll-free number 1-866-498-2784 and providing us with your full name, physical address, and telephone number. Sharing of personal data for targeted advertising We do not allow others to collect your personal data for targeted advertising  based on your activity on our websites and other sites (a concept sometimes known as “sharing”). Retention of personal data We retain personal information as described in the “ How Long is Personal Information Retained ” section of our Privacy Policy . Your rights under California law You have the right to ask us to send you the following information: The personal information we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold about you. The categories of personal data we have collected about you. The categories of sources from which we collected the personal data. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal data. The categories of third parties with whom we share personal data. The specific pieces of person information the business has collected about you. You have the right to ask us to delete the personal data about you we have collected. You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate personal data we have about you. Non-discrimination Your privacy rights are important. If you exercise your privacy rights under California law, we will not do any of the following in retaliation: Deny you goods or services. Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. How California residents can submit requests If you are a California resident and you want to submit a request to us regarding your California rights, you can fill out the webform here , contact us at ccpa.information@tunnldata.com , or call us at 1-866-498-2784. You do not have to create an account with us to submit a request. We can only respond to your request if it is verifiable. This means we are obligated to take reasonable steps to verify your identity and your right to access the information you request. In order to verify your identity, please provide us with your name, address, and telephone number when submitting a request. We will only use information collected in this manner for the verification process and not for any other purpose. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. To submit a request through an authorized agent, we require the authorized agent to provide a copy of the signed permission authorizing the agent to make the request. We also require the consumer to verify their identity directly with us. You may alternately provide proof of a valid power of attorney under California Probate Code sections 4121 to 4130, if applicable. Updates Sometimes we may update this privacy policy. We will post the updated copy that states when the policy was changed. When there is a material change, we will try notifying you about the change by emailing you using the information we have on file. Contact us If you have any questions, please send us an email at notice@tunnldata.com . Contact Contact Us 3100 Clarendon Blvd Arlington, VA 22201 (202) 990-3690 Follow LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Instagram About What Does Tunnl Do? Meet The Team Explore Careers Red Hot Companies 2022 Resources View All Resources Articles Reports White Papers © 2023 Tunnl. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us | Do Not Sell My Personal Information Privacy Policy | CCPA | VCDPA <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5LC8N8Z" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe>