Privacy Policy - Products Services Clients About Us The Team Contact Us Media Resource Group Privacy Policy Media Resource Group, Inc. respects your privacy rights. This web site Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to provide you with information about how Media Resource Group , Inc.protects your privacy in connection with your use of this web site. By using any of our Media Resource Group, Inc.websites that linked you to this policy, you accept this Privacy Policy. How we collect visitor information Media Resource Group, Inc operates this web site. In this Privacy Policy, “we,” “us,” “Media Resource Group” and “our” refer to Media Resource Group LLC. and its affiliates. We use the term “visitor” to refer to a person who accesses any part of the web site for any amount of time. We may collect, maintain, and access certain information you provide and information collected from your use of the website and services available through the website. This visitor information may include information that can be associated with you personally (“Personally Identifiable Information”). Visitor information may include, among other things, your first and last name, your home addresses, your business address, your company name, and your telephone number, and your payment card information. We will collect Personally Identifiable Information about you when you voluntarily provide it to us. When you use web site features that ask you for certain information, for example, when you register for an account, log in to the web site, or purchase advertising on the web site, you provide Personally Identifiable Information. You can navigate through the web site without giving us Personally Identifiable Information, but certain activities are only available to our visitors who log in. We may also collect Personally Identifiable Information if we survey visitors about various topics. Responding to any such survey is entirely voluntary. Personally Identifiable Information does not include aggregated data, anonymized information, or other information that does not identify a particular person. Your zip code is an example of a type of data we collect that is not Personally Identifiable Information. We may generate anonymized or aggregated information from the information we collect. This is information from which any Personally Identifiable Information has been removed. Anonymized or aggregated information does not identify you. Our collection, use, and disclosure of anonymized and aggregated information are not subject to any of the restrictions in this Privacy Policy. Anonymized or aggregated information may include, among other things, Internet server and browser identification, the Internet service provider, duration of visit, and domain type. This aggregated information will not reveal any Personally Identifiable Information about any specific visitor. We may also collect visitor information in the following ways: Cookies. Similar to most web site operators, we use “cookies” to collect information about your visit to our web site and to manage information concerning your preferences. A cookie is a small encrypted computer code added to a file on your computer as a record of its visit. It does not collect or provide your name or any other personal information about you. It can, however, be used by this web site to note information about your visit, such as your type of web browser, operating system and Internet Protocol address, to better tailor the site for you. It can also be used to recognize you when you return as a repeat visitor to our web site. We use cookies, for example, to monitor the times when visitors log-on to the web site, to track the number of sweepstakes and promotions you enter, to estimate the audience size of the web site for sponsors and advertisers, and to track visitor preferences. Cookies do not allow the web site to access Personally Identifiable Information that you have not otherwise provided. You can control what cookies are accepted by your computer through the settings on your web browser or by deleting them from your computer. Doing so, however, may limit the personalization available to you. We, our third party service providers, advertisers or our partners also may use cookies to help deliver, manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Media Resource Group network of sites or other networks or sites. This also helps us, our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising. For more information regarding third-party ad servers, see “Service providers’ and other third parties’ collection and use of information” below. Clear GIFs. Like many web sites, we may use clear GIFs (also known as “web beacons,” “Internet tags,” or “pixel tags”). Clear GIFs are lines of code that allow web sites to summarize overall visitor usage patterns and to provide personalized services. We may use clear GIFs, for instance, to track visitor preferences or to gather aggregated information about visitor usage patterns. We may at our discretion use clear GIFs to collect any Personally Identifiable Information about visitors. Passive Automatic Electronic Collection. Like operators of most other web sites, we collect and log information automatically, either directly or through a third party service provider. For example, we collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, the name and location of your Internet Service Provider, the type and version of your browser, the length of time you visit the website, your search queries on the web site, and the average number of pages you viewed. Logging your IP address does not by itself provide us with your name, email address, or home or work address. We use this log information for systems administration purposes and for technical troubleshooting. We may also use it to gather general demographic information about you, such as your general location. How we use visitor information We use Personally Identifiable Information collected from visitors and from visitors logged in to the web site for several important purposes, including: a) to help us fulfill service requests b) to notify you about sweepstakes and promotional events and to allow you to participate in those sweepstakes and events c) to protect the security of visitors and the web site d) to facilitate e-commerce transactions, such as purchases of goods and services e) to help prevent fraud f) to provide you with a web site and services of enhanced value to you g) to market and promote our services and website Some of the sweepstakes and special events that we may notify you about may be produced with the support of non-affiliated sponsors or our promotional partners. We may use Personally Identifiable Information collected in conjunction with such events to market additional services and events by Media Resource Group, by its promotional partners, by sponsors, or by all of these entities. For each sweepstake and special or promotional event, we will post applicable rules for the event on the website. We may also post on the website any supplemental terms, conditions, or privacy provisions for the specific event. We use anonymized or aggregated information to improve website services, to gauge the effectiveness of the website, and to improve and enhance visitors’ experiences on the website. In some cases, we may combine information collected from visitors logged in with demographic or other information (such as census records or customer information in our regular business records) for aggregated and anonymized studies. We use such studies to improve, market, and promote our services and this website. We do not use these studies to identify your individual browsing, however, we may use them to tailor advertising to individual visitors. When we disclose visitor information Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose Personally Identifiable Information collected through the website to entities other than to Media Resource Group affiliates unless (a) it is necessary to enable us to provide services or to conduct legitimate business activities related to the web site; or (b) you give your consent before we disclose your Personally Identifiable Information. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with persons or companies who help us operate the website by providing services, such as sweepstakes fulfillment services, maintenance and technical services, and e-commerce contractors (collectively “service providers”). We may provide your Personally Identifiable Information to other third parties when you expressly consent, such as when you make a purchase from a third-party vendor using our website. If you use a payment card for goods or services on the website, our service providers may share your Personally Identifiable Information and payment card data with others, for example with a ticket agent, a payment card processing company, and a shipping or fulfillment company, to complete your purchases and orders. We contractually require our service providers to maintain at least the same level of confidentiality for the Personally Identifiable Information we provide to them as we maintain for such information. Additionally, we require that our service providers’ use of such information not exceed that needed to provide the service. We currently conduct joint activities with Media Resource Group affiliates. We will not share visitors’ Personally Identifiable Information collected through the website with our affiliates except as provided in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose the content of any e-mail visitors sends to us to our affiliates or to other persons. We may provide aggregated or anonymized information about visitors to our advertisers, to sponsors, to promotional partners, and to affiliates. Such information may include, for example, how many persons visited a particular page or activity and the preferences and dislikes of visitors. Such information does not include Personally Identifiable Information about any individual visitor. You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if we are required to do so by law or if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary (a) to comply with applicable law, a subpoena, or other legal process; (b) to investigate violations of this Privacy Policy or other contracts we have with you; (c) to respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (d) to respond to your requests for customer service; and (e) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the public, Media Resource Group, its agents, its users, or the web site. We reserve the right to disclose and transfer your visitor information, including your Personally Identifiable Information, in the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all, or components, of our business. How long we will keep visitor information Media Resource Group may retain Personally Identifiable Information and other information collected through the website for as long as is reasonable for the purposes for which it was collected. How we protect visitor information We follow industry-standard practices to protect information collected through the website. Visitors’ Personally Identifiable Information is stored in Media Resource Group databases in physically secure facilities. Visitors’ financial and payment card information is transmitted via encrypted technology. If we share visitor information with Media Resource Group affiliates, the affiliate will follow similar practices to protect Personally Identifiable Information collected through the website. Any information transmitted over the Internet may be subject to breaches of security. Although we follow commercially reasonable practices to securely store the information we collect and to work with responsible third parties, we cannot guarantee these practices will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use, or disclose such information. Service providers’ and other third parties’ collection and use of information Media Resource Group may provide opportunities for visitors to purchase certain goods and services through this website. Our service providers may handle some of these transactions. If you choose to use these services, our service providers may request that you provide your Personally Identifiable Information to them so that they can process your order or request. These service providers usually have their own privacy policies and terms of use. After you leave this website, the information you disclose to a service provider and information the service provider collects from you will be subject to its privacy policy and terms of use. Media Resource Group is not responsible for its service providers’ collection, use, or disclosure of information. This website may include banner ads, other advertisements, and links to websites of Media Resource Group affiliates and non-Media Resource Group entities. These affiliates and other entities may solicit and collect Personally Identifiable Information and may store cookies on website visitors’ computers. When you leave this website to visit the website of a Media Resource Group affiliate or of another entity, you will be subject to the privacy policy and terms of use agreement of that website operator. Media Resource Group is not responsible for the ads, links, content, activities, or information practices of other websites. We may use the services of third parties to provide us with data collection, reporting and ad response measurement, as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties may view, edit, or set their own cookies or web beacons to facilitate the delivery of ads to you. We, our third party service providers, advertisers and/or business partners may also place web beacons for these third parties. The use of cookies or web beacons by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies. By the use of any Media Resource Group web site you accept the practices of these third parties and do not hold Media Resource Group liable for any of their actions. How we protect children’s online privacy This web site is not directed to children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 18. If we become aware that we have received Personally Identifiable Information of a child under 18, we will delete the information from our records. Notice to visitors from outside the U.S. The web site is published in the United States. By visiting this web site, by using services offered through the web site, or by providing Personally Identifiable Information to us or to our service providers, you agree that we may collect, use, and disclose your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this Privacy Policy, including by transferring such information from the country where you live to the United States. Notice to California residents: Your California Privacy Rights California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) If you are a California resident and our processing of personal information about you is subject to the CCPA, you have certain rights with respect to that information: Access/Right to Know. You have a right under the CCPA to request that we provide you with the following information: The categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you in the last 12 months. The categories of sources from which we collected your personal information. Our purpose for collecting, using, or selling personal information. The categories of third parties with which we share personal information. The categories of personal information we have disclosed about you for a business purpose. The categories of personal information we have sold about you for each category of third party to which the personal information was sold. Right to Delete. You also have a right to request that we delete personal information under certain circumstances, subject to a number of exceptions. Right to Opt-Out From Sales. You also have a right to opt-out from future sales of personal information, which you can exercise by clicking on the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” button on the home page of our website. How to Exercise Your California CCPA Rights You can exercise your CCPA rights by submitting your request(s) to us using the online form located at https://www.mrginc.com/opt-out/ or by emailing us at info@mrginc.com. If you want to exercise more than one of your CCPA rights, please submit a separate request for each CCPA right. We will process your requests in the order we receive them. To complete your request we will need information from you so we can confirm you are a California resident, determine if we have personal information about you, and, for access and deletion requests, verify your identity. We may also need to contact you about your request. If we are unable to verify your identity and that you are a California resident, we may not honor your request. In addition, we may not delete your personal information if an exception under the CCPA applies. If your request comes from an authorized agent, we will require proof you have authorized the agent to act on your behalf, proof that the agent is registered with the California Secretary of State (for delete or access requests), and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us. You have a right to not be discriminated against for exercising rights set out in the CCPA. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of material changes by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the web site. We encourage you to periodically review the web site Privacy Policy to inform yourself of any changes. The revised Privacy Policy will be effective on the date it is posted unless the revised policy states otherwise. If you use the web site after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy, we will conclude that you accept the revised Privacy Policy. Questions about the Policy Please contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy: Media Resource Group, Inc 2 Depot Plaza, Ste 401 Bedford Hills, NY 10507 Effective: October 28, 2022 Search for: Recent Posts Privacy Policy opt-out Hello world! Recent Comments Archives November 2022 April 2016 Categories Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries feed Comments feed WordPress.org © 2023
		, Media Resource Group.
		  | Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell My Personal Information