Swordfish: CCPA Notice Cookies are being used on our website. By continuing use of our site, we
      will assume you are happy with it. Ok New! Build lead lists in seconds with our new prospector tool. Sign up for free access Products Products Chrome Extension Find contact data on web File Upload Enrich customer lists & databases Reverse Search Find anyone based on any input API Add Swordfish data to your waterfall Heartbeat.ai Heartbeat.ai by Swordfish solves passive healthcare hiring Solutions Sales Crush sales targets Recruitment Fill job orders in half the time Healthcare Recruitment Heartbeat.ai by Swordfish solves passive healthcare hiring Pricing How does Swordfish compare? Login Try Swordfish for Free Login Try Swordfish for Free Products Chrome Extension File Upload Reverse Search API Heartbeat.ai Test our data coverage Solutions Sales Recruitment Healthcare Recruitment Pricing How does Swordfish compare? YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS SUPPLEMENT TO SWORDFISH PRIVACY POLICY General California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures Notice Regarding “do Not Track” Signals Contact Us Notice Of Right To Opt Out Complaints Last Updated: January 19, 2023 THIS SUPPLEMENT IS INTENDED FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA. 
              WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO READ THIS SUPPLEMENT CAREFULLY AND USE IT TO MAKE INFORMED DECISIONS. 
              BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY AND THIS SUPPLEMENT, 
              AND YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICES CONSTITUTES YOUR ONGOING AGREEMENT TO THE PRIVACY POLICY AND THIS SUPPLEMENT. General This Privacy Policy Supplement entitled “Your California Privacy
              Rights” outlines the individual rights Swordfish AI Inc. (the “Swordfish”,
              “we,” “us,” or “our”) provides to the residents of California
              with respect to collecting, using and disclosing personal
              information when providing our online services (collectively, the
              “Services”) and constitutes an integral part of Swordfish’s Terms
              of Service (“Terms”, and collectively, the “Agreement”). This Supplement is an integral part of the Swordfish Privacy Policy linked here . 
              It is not a standalone privacy policy. Rather, this Supplement provides privacy disclosures to California 
              residents as required by California law to supplement the Privacy Policy. In particular, 
              it discusses categories of personal information Swordfish has collected and individual 
              rights of California residents relative to that personal information. As stated in the Privacy Policy, we collect personal information from “Users,” 
              who are Swordfish individual customers or business customer representatives who download, 
              install, or use the Swordfish browser extension. We also collect personal information from “Contacts,” 
              who are people whose identities are being confirmed, who are the subject of an investigation, 
              or who are being contacted by Users, for example for recruitment or sales purposes. 
              Using the Swordfish Services (e.g., plugin or website interface), 
              Users can lookup “Business Profiles” of Contacts by social media URL, name, phone number, 
              email address, or postal address. The Services return the available contact information 
              (name, phone number, email address, location (city and country), company name, 
              and job title) and social media account URLs. In 2018, the State of California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).  
              In 2020, the voters of California passed a ballot initiative which enacted the California 
              Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), which amends and supplements CCPA.  
              This supplement assists in our compliance program for CCPA, CPRA, and other applicable privacy laws CCPA/CPRA DISCLOSURES (i) Categories of Personal Information and Recipients The table below summarizes the categories of personal information we collect from California 
              residents (and have collected in the last 12 months), the purposes for which the categories 
              of personal information will be used, and the categories of recipients to whom Swordfish has 
              disclosed (including for a business purpose) and sold personal information (and has done so in the past 12 months). Categories of Personal Information Collected Purposes of Use Categories of Recipients to Whom The Personal Information
                    Was Disclosed and Sold “Identifiers” such as a real name, alias, postal address,
                    telephone number, email address, and account name. We
                    collect all the above Identifiers from Users. We collect
                    name, phone number, email address, location (city and
                    country), company name, and job title, as well as social
                    media account URLs from Users and about Contacts. 
                    We also require Users to select a account name (username) and password. Users: Identifiers about Users are used for marketing, for
                    opening new user accounts to use Swordfish’s Services, and
                    to maintain existing accounts. User names and passwords are used to authenticate Users to Swordfish's platform.
                    Contacts: Identifiers are used to provide Services to Users. Users query our Services
                    and receive Identifiers of Contacts in response. Identifiers of Contacts are sold and disclosed to Users. Information (other than Identifiers already described above)
                    that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of
                    being associated with, a particular individual, including,
                    but not limited to: Signature We may collect signatures on forms used for identiy
                    verification purposes for California residents or their
                    agents seeking to exercise individual rights. Not applicable. Employment information (job title and business contact
                    information). We collect company name and job title for Contacts. This
                    information is used to provide Services to Users in response
                    to their queries. Bank account number, credit card number, debit card number,
                    or any other financial information. We collect this
                    information from Users. Payment information is used for paying for Services. Payment information is never sold. It is, however, disclosed
                    to payment gateway service providers that process payments
                    from Users on behalf of Swordfish. Context-specific personal information not specifically covered within the other categories in this table:  
                    the Swordfish website uses the Smartlook service operated by Smartlook.com, s.r.o.  
                    The Smartlook service records session information showing how visitors use and take action on 
                    websites and mobile apps. The recordings of uses of the Swordfish website is collected for amongst other things troubleshooting errors 
                    and bugs as well as for research and analytics purposes about your use of the Services. Not applicable.  
                    Swordfish uses the personal information collected in this category strictly for internal use. Commercial information, including records of products and
                    services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other
                    purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. We collect
                    this information about Users. For our accounting records, we maintain records of what
                    purchases Users made, when and for how much. Our accountants and financial advisors may have access to
                    commercial information of Users. Electronic information. The information in this table is
                    almost all in electronic form. See the other cells in table. See the other cells in table. Professional or employment-related information (job title
                    and business contact information). We collect company name and job title for Contacts. This
                    information is used to provide Services to Users in response
                    to their queries. We may also use personal information for purposes that are compatible with the purposes disclosed above. Account names used to log into Swordfish (usernames) and passwords are considered “sensitive personal information.” The sources of the personal information we collect is explained in the Swordfish Privacy Policy . (ii) Individual Rights Under CCPA/CPRA The CCPA and CPRA afford certain individual rights to California residents.  
              We describe these rights in this section. Our obligation to afford you these 
              rights or provide notifications to you, however, are subject to any contrary laws, rules, or law enforcement demands. Right of Access and Data Portability Upon request, we will tell a California resident the 
              categories and specific pieces of personal information we 
              have collected about that resident in the previous 12 months.  
              In addition, upon request, we will disclose to a California resident: The categories of personal information we have collected about that California resident. The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected. TThe business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that California resident’s personal information. The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information. The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about that California resident. The categories of personal information that we have sold about that California resident. The categories of personal information that we disclosed about a California resident for a business purpose. The identity of any person making such a request must be verified as a condition of providing the requested information. Right of Deletion You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information 
              that we collected from you and retained by us, subject to certain conditions and 
              exceptions under the law.  For instance, we have the right to retain personal information needed to: Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, 
                  provide a good or service requested by the California resident, or reasonably 
                  anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with the California resident, 
                  or otherwise perform a contract between our business and the California resident. Help to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of the consumer’s personal 
                  information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for those purposes. Conduct solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the expectations of the 
                  California resident based on the California resident’s relationship with us. Comply with a legal obligation. The identity of any person making such a request must be verified in accordance with the verification procedures 
              below as a condition of deleting the personal information as requested. Right of Correction You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate or out-of-date personal 
              information that we collected about you, subject to certain conditions exceptions.  
              We may have a legal right or obligation to preserve personal information as it currently exists.  
              If we do not update certain personal information, we will give specific reasons for refusing to do 
              so and provide a contact point for further inquiries. The identity of any person making such a request must be verified in accordance with the verification 
              procedures below as a condition of correcting the personal information as requested. Right to Restrict Usage of Sensitive Personal Information You have the right to request that we restrict usage of what is defined as sensitive 
              personal information under California law. The only sensitive personal information 
              we collect and use is account information – usernames and passwords. 
              Nonetheless, by policy, we never disclose usernames and passwords to third parties 
              that are not our parent companies or affiliates and only use them for 
              authenticating you when you try to access our website. How to Exercise Individual Rights If you wish to contact us about any of your rights as set out in this section, please 
              contact us by one of the methods listed below in the Contact Us section.  
              Please contact us using one of these methods if you wish to have an authorized agent 
              make a request for individual rights on your behalf. Verification of Requests to Exercise Individual Rights We will verify your identity in response to a request to exercise your individual rights as follows: We will verify your identity in response to a request to exercise your individual 
                  rights by requiring that you to provide two pieces of information that Swordfish 
                  already has in the Contact’s Business Profile from the following categories:  
                  for instance, email address, telephone number, or social media account. In addition, in the case of a request for specific pieces of personal information, 
                  we will ask for an additional piece of information that Swordfish already has in 
                  the Contact’s Business Profile in addition to the two pieces described above, 
                  together with a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that the requestor is 
                  the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request or a representative 
                  acting on behalf of that consumer. We will not provide or delete information as requested if we are unable 
              to verify the identity of the requestor as required above or have reason to 
              believe that the request is fraudulent. We may ask for additional verification 
              if we suspect fraud, such as a copy of an identification credential from the requestor. 
              We will use any such additional information strictly for identity verification purposes, 
              and it will be deleted following the completion of the verification process. For any agent or conservator seeking to exercise individual rights on behalf of a California resident, 
              the agent or conservator will need to provide proof of their identity, proof of the resident’s identity, 
              and proof of the agent’s or conservator’s authority to act on behalf of the California resident.  
              Examples of proof of authorization include a power of attorney under the California Probate Code or certified 
              letters of conservatorship.  Please contact us by one of the methods listed below in the Contact Us 
              section for additional details on exercising individual rights on behalf of a California resident. Policy Against Discrimination California residents have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by any 
              business covered by the CCPA/CPRA for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA/CPRA. 
              Accordingly, Swordfish will not discriminate against individual California residents for exercising any 
              of their rights under the CCPA/CPRA, including by: Denying goods or services to the California resident Charging different prices or rates for goods or services,
                  including through the use of discounts or other benefits or
                  imposing penalties. Providing a different level or quality of goods or services Suggesting that the California resident will receive a
                  different price or rate for goods or services or a different
                  level or quality of goods or services Sale of Personal Information of Minors Swordfish does not knowingly sell the personal information of
              minors under 16 years of age. Retention of Personal Information See Section 10 of our Privacy Policy . Notice To California Residents Regarding “do Not Track” Signals Under California law, online service providers must disclose in their privacy policies 
              how they respond to “do not track” settings. These are settings users can set in their 
              browser software. Currently, there is no standard governing what, if anything, a website operator 
              should do when receiving a “do not track” signal. Accordingly, Swordfish does not currently take 
              action in response to a “do not track” browser setting. As industry standards regarding do not track 
              settings emerge, Swordfish will revisit and amend this policy to account for these standards. Contact Us If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Supplement or about our privacy practices, 
              seek to exercise any of your privacy rights under applicable law, or wish to access, change, or update 
              personal information we have about you, you should first contact us by email at contact@swordfish.ai . 
              You may also contact us at this email address if you are aware of abuse or misuse of our Services. 
              If you are a Contact, you may also opt out of the sale of your personal information as stated in the next section. If you wish to reach us by phone to exercise any of your privacy rights, you may call us toll free at +1 855-596-6906 . Notice Of Right To Opt Out If you prefer that we not sell your personal information (by
              disclosing your Business Profile to our Users, vendors or business
              partners), you may opt-out by filling in your relevant details at www.swordfishapp.com/Optout. Complaints If you have a complaint about our privacy practices regarding
              California residents, please follow the procedures in our Privacy
              Policy in the section titled Contact Us; Exercising Individual Rights; Complaints Products Chrome Extension File Upload Reverse Search API Heartbeat.ai Integrations People Search Directory Enrich my Email Contacts Company How good is Swordfish data? Pricing About Customers FAQ Become a data partner Contact News Affiliates Legal GDPR Opt-Out Do Not Sell My Info Terms Privacy Nevada CCPA Popular Post Best websites to find phone Numbers Best B2B Prospecting Tools contact finder tools Contact Us Alternatives Zoominfo Alternative Lusha Alternative Uplead Alternative Aeroleads Alternative Rocketreach Alternative Clearbit Alternative © Copyright 2023 Swordfish Ltd. All rights reserved.