Privacy Policy Use Website In a Screen-Reader Mode Skip to Content ↵ ENTER Skip to Menu ↵ ENTER Skip to Footer ↵ ENTER <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-W62CSD" height="0" width="0"
			style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Dealers Contact AutoWeb, Inc. Privacy Policy Last Updated and Effective Date: January 1, 2023 AutoWeb, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliated entities (collectively “AutoWeb,” “Company,”
					“we”, “us” or “our” ) is primarily engaged in the business of digital
				marketing for the automotive industry that assists automotive retail dealers, automotive manufacturers,
				and other third parties market and sell new and used vehicles and other products and services to
				Consumers through our programs for online Consumer referrals, dealer marketing products and services,
				email marketing, postal advertising and online advertising. The primary component of our business is the
				collection of Personal Information voluntarily provided by Consumers in order to (i) connect the
				Consumer to vehicle dealers, vehicle manufacturers and other Third Parties offering products and
				services related to the automotive field and vehicle acquisition, ownership or use or other products and
				services not related to automotive industry in which the Consumer may have an interest and (ii) send the
				Consumer advertising, marketing or content. AutoWeb does not sell new or used vehicles or any other
				products or services to Consumers. We strive to build and maintain a relationship of trust with you. This Privacy Policy ( “Privacy
					Policy” )
				describes how we collect, use, share and retain your Personal Information (as defined below) and how to
				exercise any rights you might have with respect this information. It governs information we collect
				through our website(s), microsite(s), mobile website(s), and mobile applications (collectively, “AutoWeb
					Sites” ) and information we collect, directly or indirectly, through any other means,
				including offline
				activities (collectively, “Services” ). All Personal Information collected by us may be
				used, disclosed,
				shared, sold, transferred, or retained as described in this Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy, which is part of our website Terms of Use (as defined below), before
				using AutoWeb Sites and/or Services. If you do not agree with the Terms of Use and/or this Privacy
				Policy, you must refrain from using AutoWeb Sites and/or Services. By using AutoWeb Sites and/or
				Services you agree and provide your consent to our collection, sale, sharing, disclosure, use, and
				retention of your personal information consistent with the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, subject
				to your rights described below. We encourage Consumers to read this Privacy Policy carefully before providing any Voluntarily
					Provided Personal Information on any AutoWeb Site. Definitions Categories of
					Personal Information We Collect and Retention Periods Categories of Sources
					From Which We Collect Personal Information Purposes
					for Collecting, Selling, Sharing or Disclosing Personal Information How
					We Use Your Personal Information and Categories of Third Parties to Which We Sell, Share or
					Disclose Personal Information Your Choices Regarding Your Personal
					Information Children and Minors When
					Third Party Privacy Policies, Terms of Use and Consents to Marketing Calls and Texting Govern
					the Collection, Use, Sale or Sharing of Personal Information Privacy Practices Related to
					Employees and Job Applicants Security Procedures and Practices Changes or Revisions to This Policy Disputes Updating or Correcting Your Personal
					Information Contact Us Notice to California
					Residents Regarding Your California Privacy Rights I.         Definitions As used in this Privacy Policy, the following terms are defined as follows: “ Advertising Networks ” are Third Parties that serve
				interest-based advertising to Consumers and generate statistics and metrics related to the delivery of
				interest-based advertising. “ Authorized Agent ” means a natural person or a
				business entity that a Consumer has authorized to act on behalf of the Consumer as provided in the
				California Privacy Act.” “ Automatically-Collected Personal Information ”
				is Personal Information collected automatically through the use of Data
				Technologies without any action or entry of Personal Information by a Consumer when the Consumer visits
				or uses
				AutoWeb Sites or Third Party sites. Automatically-Collected Information does not identify a Consumer
				personally and cannot be linked back to a Consumer unless the Consumer decides at some point to identify
				the Consumer by submitting Voluntarily-Provided Information. “ California Privacy Act ” means, collectively, the
				California
				Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.100 et.seq)(“ CCPA ”), as
				amended by the
				California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“ CPRA ”), and the California Consumer Privacy Act
				Regulations
				adopted thereunder (Cal. Code of Regulations, Title 11, Division 6, Chapter
				1)(“ Regulations ”) . “ Consumer ” means a natural person. “ Consumer Requests ” means the
				submission of a specific request online from a Consumer that (i) is initiated by the Consumer; (ii)
				contains Voluntarily-Provided Personal Information furnished by the Consumer; and (iii) expresses the
				Consumer’s interest in (1) test driving, purchasing, leasing or receiving a price quote or other
				information regarding a new or used vehicle; or (2) other products and services offered by Third
				Parties. “ Contractor ” means a Third Party to which AutoWeb
				makes available Personal Information for a business purpose pursuant to a written contract with AutoWeb. “ Data Technologies ” are
				technologies, such as cookies, local shared objects, pixels and web beacons, used to collect information
				about your actions and your visit to AutoWeb Sites or Third Party sites, and includes all current and
				similar future technologies, including anonymous advertising identifications used on mobile devices and
				otherwise in a manner similar to cookies. “ Employment-Related Information ”
				means Personal Information that is collected by the business about a natural person for reasons related
				to employment (including emergency contact information) and employment benefits as identified in
				California Civil Code Section 1798.145(m)(1). “ Geolocation Data ” is any data that is derived from a
				device and that is used or intended to be used to locate a Consumer within a geographic area. “ Interest-Based Advertising ” or
				“ Behavioral Advertising ” is advertising that is customized and targeted based on
				predictions generated
				over time from a Consumer’s visits across different websites, devices, and mobile applications. “ Online Behavioral Information ”
				Online behavioral information is the collection of data online from a particular computer or device
				regarding Web viewing behaviors over time, and across non-affiliated Web sites for the purpose to use
				such data to predict visitor preferences or interests. Online behavioral information includes browsing
				history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site,
				application, or advertisement. “ Personal Information ” means
				information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or
				could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal
				Information includes “ Sensitive Personal Information ” and “ Employment-Related
					Information. ” “ Precise Geolocation Data ” is
				Geolocation Data that is used or intended to be used to locate a Consumer within a geographic area that
				is equal to or less than the area of a circle with a radius of 1,850 feet, except as prescribed by the
				regulations under the California Privacy Act. “ Sensitive Personal Information ” shall have the
				meaning set forth in the California Privacy Act and includes: (A) Personal Information that reveals: (i) a consumer’s social
				security, driver’s license, state
				identification card, or passport number; (ii) a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit
				card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or
				credentials allowing access to an account; (iii) a consumer’s precise geolocation; (iv) a consumer’s
				racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership; (v) the contents of a
				consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the
				communication; (vi) a consumer’s genetic data. (B) (i) The processing of biometric information for the purpose of
				uniquely identifying a consumer; (ii)
				Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health; (iii) Personal information
				collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s sex life or sexual orientation.
				Sensitive personal information that is publicly available shall not be considered Sensitive Personal
				Information or Personal Information. “ Service Provider ” are Third
				Parties that have contracted with AutoWeb to process Personal Information on AutoWeb’s behalf and
				receives the information from or on behalf of AutoWeb for a business purpose pursuant to a written
				contract with AutoWeb. “ TCPA ” means the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of
				1991. “ Terms of Use ” means the terms and conditions
				governing your use of AutoWeb Sites and that can be accessed
				at https://www.autoweb.com/terms-of-use.html . “ Third Party ” means a person or entity not owned,
				operated or controlled by AutoWeb or any person or entity owned, operated or controlled by AutoWeb. “ Voluntarily-Provided Personal Information ”
				means Personal Information collected from a Consumer as a result of the Consumer providing that
				information voluntarily to AutoWeb or to a Third Party that sells or otherwise transfers the Personal
				Information to AutoWeb. II.       Categories of Personal Information We Collect and Retention
					Periods The tables below list the categories of Personal Information that (i) we collect; (ii) the purposes for
				which we collect, sell, share or disclose the Personal Information; and (iii) our expected retention
				periods for the Personal Information. The types of Personal Information we collect about you may vary based on how you use the AutoWeb Sites
				and/or Services and the nature of your relationship with us. Personal Information Category Nature or Type of Personal Information
								Collected Business Purpose for Collecting Personal
								Information Sold, Shared or Disclosed Categories of Third Parties with/to who
								Shared/Sold/Disclosed Retention Period or Criteria Identifiers First and last names (including aliases). Mobile and landline phone numbers. Email addresses. Postal/street addresses Fulfilling and processing Consumer Requests; Facilitating or fulfilling the information, products, or services Consumers
										requested; Surveys Consumers for Marketing Purposes; Marketing our referral services to Consumers, including interest-based
										advertising. Marketing other companies’ products or services to Consumers; YES Third Parties, including vehicle dealers, that can provide the Consumer with the
										products, services or information that the Consumer has requested; Other digital marketing services companies that purchase Consumer Requests from
										AutoWeb for sale, disclosure or transfer to such Third Party’s customers; Advertiser clients to assess the effectiveness of advertising campaigns we have
										provided for them; Third Party vendors and suppliers of products and services in which the Consumer
										has
										expressed an interest or about which a Consumer has requested information; Service Providers and Contractors; Third Parties that may wish to send the Consumer email, postal mail or SMS/text
										messages containing advertising or marketing materials regarding products or
										services that the Third Parties or their customers believe Consumers may find of
										interest. Courts, governmental agencies and other Third Parties as required by applicable
										law,
										rule, regulation or order. 5 years after your last use of Service unless it is required by law to retain it for a longer period. Commercial information Vehicle information (e.g., new or used vehicle; vehicle make, and model purchased),
								product
								interest, purchase history, product financing information, and financial information
								such as
								payment amounts related to a lease or loan and cost of services rendered. Providing Services to Consumers and Fulfilling Consumer Requests Marketing and Advertising Services improvement and account management Evaluating the quality of our Consumer Requests and those acquired from third
										party
										sources YES Third Parties, including vehicle dealers, that can provide the Consumer with the
										products, services or information that the Consumer has requested; Other digital marketing services companies that purchase Consumer Requests from
										AutoWeb for sale, disclosure or transfer to such Third Party’s customers; Advertiser clients to assess the effectiveness of advertising campaigns we have
										provided for them; Third Party vendors and suppliers of products and services in which the Consumer
										has
										expressed an interest or about which a Consumer has requested information; Service Providers and Contractors; Third Parties that may wish to send the Consumer email, postal mail or SMS/text
										messages containing advertising or marketing materials regarding products or
										services that the Third Parties or their customers believe Consumers may find of
										interest. Courts, governmental agencies and other Third Parties as required by applicable
										law,
										rule, regulation or order. 5 years after your last use of Service unless it is required by law to retain it for a longer period. Internet or other similar network activity, including Online
								Behavioral Information Cookie data browsing history search history IP address device and browser information on a consumer's interaction with a website,
										application, or advertisement. Providing Services to Consumers and fulfilling Consumer Requests Marketing and Advertising Services Improvement and account management YES Third Parties, including vehicle dealers, that can provide the Consumer with the
										products, services or information that the Consumer has requested; Other digital marketing services companies that purchase Consumer Requests from
										AutoWeb for sale, disclosure or transfer to such Third Party’s customers; Advertiser clients to assess the effectiveness of advertising campaigns we have
										provided for them; Third Party vendors and suppliers of products and services in which the Consumer
										has
										expressed an interest or about which a Consumer has requested information; Service Providers and Contractors; Third Parties that may wish to send the Consumer email, postal mail or SMS/text
										messages containing advertising or marketing materials regarding products or
										services that the Third Parties or their customers believe Consumers may find of
										interest. Courts, governmental agencies and other Third Parties as required by applicable
										law,
										rule, regulation or order. 5 years after your last use of Service unless it is required by law to retain it for a longer period. Geolocation Data IP address that provides location of device used to submit Consumer Requests or
										other communications (may include Precise Geolocation Data**) **Precise Geolocation Data constitutes Sensitive Personal Information under applicable
								law. Marketing and Advertising. Service improvement and account management. Interest-based advertising. Online behavioral information may be used to
										generate
										“interest-based advertising" which is advertising that is customized and
										targeted
										based on predictions generated over time from a Consumer’s visits across
										different
										websites, devices and mobile applications. YES Third Parties, including vehicle dealers, that can provide the Consumer with the
										products, services or information that the Consumer has requested; Other digital marketing services companies that purchase Consumer Requests from
										AutoWeb for sale, disclosure or transfer to such Third Party’s customers; Advertiser clients to assess the effectiveness of advertising campaigns we have
										provided for them; Third Party vendors and suppliers of products and services in which the Consumer
										has
										expressed an interest or about which a Consumer has requested information; Service Providers and Contractors; Third Parties that may wish to send the Consumer email, postal mail or SMS/text
										messages containing advertising or marketing materials regarding products or
										services that the Third Parties or their customers believe Consumers may find of
										interest. Courts, governmental agencies and other Third Parties as required by applicable
										law,
										rule, regulation or order. 5 years after your last use of Service unless it is required by law to retain it for a longer period. Inferences drawn from other personal information Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends,
								predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. Providing Services to Consumers and fulfilling Consumer Requests Marketing and Advertising Services improvement and account management YES Third Parties, including vehicle dealers, that can provide the Consumer with the
										products, services or information that the Consumer has requested; Other digital marketing services companies that purchase Consumer Requests from
										AutoWeb for sale, disclosure or transfer to such Third Party’s customers; Advertiser clients to assess the effectiveness of advertising campaigns we have
										provided for them; Third Party vendors and suppliers of products and services in which the Consumer
										has
										expressed an interest or about which a Consumer has requested information; Service Providers and Contractors; Third Parties that may wish to send the Consumer email, postal mail or SMS/text
										messages containing advertising or marketing materials regarding products or
										services that the Third Parties or their customers believe Consumers may find of
										interest. Courts, governmental agencies and other Third Parties as required by applicable
										law,
										rule, regulation or order. 5 years after your last use of Service unless it is required by law to retain it for a longer period. Note to Company employees, independent contractors, and job applicants (“Employment-Related
					Consumers”): AutoWeb does collect, share, retain, and disclose certain categories of
					Employment-Related Information, which includes Sensitive Personal Information, from
					Employment-Related Consumers in connection employment-related matters. The collection, sharing,
					retention and disclosure of Employment-Related Information is governed by the Company’s Supplemental
						Privacy Policy for Employment-Related Information that is accessible by and provided to
					Employment-Related Consumers. III.         Categories of Sources From Which We Collect Personal
					Information We collect Personal Information from the following categories of sources of Personal Information: Personal Information Voluntarily Provided by Consumers. You are not required to
					provide us your Personal Information to view AutoWeb Websites unless you wish to voluntarily provide
					your Personal Information in order to be contacted by us, a vehicle seller or other Third Party
					providing the vehicles or other products or services in which you are interested. If you choose not
					to provide the requested information, you may not be able to use some or all of the features of the
					AutoWeb Sites or Services, and we may not be able to fulfill your requested interaction. We may also
					ask you to provide us with Personal Information when you communicate with us online or offline by
					telephone or texting, including in connection with customer surveys. Voluntarily-Provided Personal
					Information is also obtained from Third Parties that sell Consumer Requests to AutoWeb where the
					Voluntarily-Provided Personal Information is collected by the Third Party from the Consumer on the
					Third Party’s website and sold to AutoWeb to fulfill the Consumer’s Consumer Request by referral to
					an AutoWeb vehicle seller customer. Personal Information Automatically Collected From Consumers. Third-Party Data Sources. We may collect Personal Information from third-party data
					sources such as advertising networks, marketing agencies, internet service providers, data brokers,
					operating systems and platforms, analytics firms, government agencies, and social networks. Vehicle Dealerships. We may collect Personal Information from vehicle dealerships
					with whom you interact. For example, if you purchase or lease a vehicle at a dealership, the
					dealership may share with us Personal Information relating the vehicle you purchased from the dealer
					or another Third Party. Mobile-specific information that we may collect. AutoWeb collects information from
					a Consumer’s mobile devices such as hardware IDs and device type, the request type, your carrier,
					the Consumer’s carrier user ID, and the content of the Consumer’s request, which does not by itself
					identify the Consumer, though it may be unique or consist of or contain information that the
					Consumer may consider personal. Trackable Telephone Numbers. We publish uniquely-generated, trackable toll-free
					phone numbers for many of the dealers that list vehicles for sale on the AutoWeb Sites or in
					advertisements posted on AutoWeb Sites. If a Consumer dials one of these telephone numbers, AutoWeb
					or a service provider operating on AutoWeb's behalf may record the date, time and length of the
					Consumer’s call and the phone number from which the call originated. Combined or Appended Personal Information and Personal Information from Third
						Parties. We may obtain from Third Parties Personal Information that they have collected
					and combine that information with Personal Information that that we have collected. The combined
					information may include information about the Consumer’s use of the AutoWeb Sites; use of Third
					Party websites, devices and mobile applications; interactions or transactions with vehicle dealers;
					interests and preferences; and other information about the Consumer or the Consumer’s household. Sales Matching. When we refer a Consumer to a vehicle seller, we may obtain sales
					matching data from the vehicle seller or other Third Parties that contains Personal Information that
					we did not originally provide to the vehicle dealer or other Third Parties. Sales matching data may
					include the make, model and trim of the vehicle purchased; the purchase price; and the purchase
					date. IV.         Purposes for Collecting, Selling, Sharing or Disclosing
					Personal Information. We collect, sell, share or disclose Personal Information for the following business and commercial
				purposes: Provide Consumers with access to and use of the AutoWeb’s Services offered on AutoWeb Sites; Facilitate, provide or fulfill the information, products, or services requested by Consumers,
					primarily the referral of Consumers requesting vehicle pricing, availability and other information
					to vehicle dealers; Communicate with Consumers about their interest in purchasing or leasing vehicles; Market products or services offered by Third Parties to Consumers, primarily vehicles and
					automotive-related products and services; Sell or share Personal Information with Third Parties for the Third Parties to market their products
					and services, or the products and services of their customers, to Consumers. Operate information security and anti-fraud programs; Perform business operations, including the improvement of our AutoWeb Sites and Services; surveys,
					research and data analytics; and other normal business activities for digital marketing; Respond to governmental and other legal requests; Providing Our Services to Consumers and Fulfilling Consumer Requests AutoWeb collects Voluntarily Provided Personal Information in order to
				provide the Services requested by Consumers when they submit Consumer Requests through the Consumer’s
				use of a feature or service offered by AutoWeb where the requested service or feature requires the entry
				of Voluntarily-Provided Personal Information. We collect Voluntarily-Provided Personal Information in Consumer
				Requests submitted by Consumers directly from AutoWeb Sites or that were submitted by Consumers through
				Third Party websites and that were acquired by us from the Third Parties in order to provide the
				Consumer’s Voluntarily-Provided Personal Information to a vehicle dealer, vehicle manufacturer or other
				Third Party that can contact the Consumer directly and provide the Consumer the product, service or
				information that the Consumer has requested or in which the Consumer may have an interest or to send the
				Consumer advertising, marketing or content. Consumers may come to AutoWeb Sites to submit Consumer
				Requests directly by visiting an AutoWeb Site or may indirectly submit Consumer Requests to us by
				submitting a Consumer Request on a Third Party website or clicking on advertisements or links to AutoWeb
				Sites that AutoWeb places or has placed on Third Party sites, social media platforms or emails sent by
				AutoWeb or Third Parties. Marketing and Advertising We use Personal Information to engage in marketing and advertising: To provide Consumers with information about products and services that are requested by
					Consumers or that may interest Consumers, and deliver what we believe is relevant advertising to
					Consumers. We use Automatically-Collected Personal Information that generates Online Behavioral
					Information that may be used to generate Interest-Based Advertising. To provide customization, auditing, research and reporting for us, our Third Party affiliates and
					other advertisers and to enhance marketing programs, AutoWeb engages with Advertising Networks that
					may use Information collected through a variety of Data Technologies. This data collection takes
					place both on the AutoWeb Sites and on Third-Party’s websites and mobile applications. This process
					allows AutoWeb and Third Parties to deliver Interest-Based Advertising, and helps track the
					effectiveness of such efforts. Advertising Networks also may use this information for determining or
					predicting the characteristics and preferences of their respective advertising audiences and
					measuring the effectiveness of their advertising. To provide Consumers with content and services that we believe are relevant to a particular location
					and to customize marketing to the Consumer. When a Consumer downloads or uses the AutoWeb Sites, we
					may collect Geolocation Data. We may use Geolocation Data and provide it to Third Parties to provide
					the Consumer with content and services that are relevant to a particular location, such as
					advertising, search results, vehicle dealers in the area, and directions and to customize marketing
					to the Consumer for what is available in the Consumer’s area or close proximity. This Geolocation
					Data may reveal a Consumer’s actual location, such as GPS data, or it may not, such as when the
					Consumer submits a partial address to look at a map of the area. Service improvement We use Personal Information to engage improvement of our Services: To provide you with a good experience when you use our services and/or to show you more personalized
					advertising, including advertising on other websites, we use Data Technologies to distinguish you
					from other users of our websites and apps (including when you browse third party websites). One or
					more Data Technologies may be used on the AutoWeb Sites and other websites and mobile applications
					(that may not be the AutoWeb Sites) by AutoWeb or Third Parties. Data Technologies may be used to
					collect information about web pages you visited and visit and to transmit information to you or
					about you and connect information about you from different sources, websites, devices, and mobile
					applications.  AutoWeb places or "sets" AutoWeb cookies on a Consumer’s computer or device when the
					Consumer visits AutoWeb Sites. We may also set cookies on a Consumer’s computer or device on behalf
					of Third Parties authorized by AutoWeb or may enable certain Third Parties to set their own cookies
					on the Consumer’s computer or device. To better understand our users and improve the AutoWeb Sites, AutoWeb uses Third Party tracking
					services for which AutoWeb sets cookies on your computer or enables the Third Party tracking
					services to set cookies on your computer or device, when you visit AutoWeb Sites. These cookies
					track visits, page views and click stream behavior. Third Party tracking services report this data
					to AutoWeb in aggregated form. AutoWeb shares such anonymous, aggregated information obtained from
					these cookies with our advertisers and other Third Parties. To help diagnose problems with our servers, administer the AutoWeb Sites and track site usage
					statistics, anytime you visit AutoWeb Sites, we collect the Internet Protocol
					(“ IP ”) address. A
					Consumer’s IP address may vary each time the Consumer visits, or it may be the same, depending on
					how the Consumer accesses the Internet. We also collect information on whether the Consumer reached
					an AutoWeb Site by clicking on a link or advertisement on a Third Party site, which helps us to
					maximize our Internet exposure, and to understand the interests of our users. We also collect
					information on the Consumer’s ISP (internet service provider) or mobile carrier and the type of
					handheld or mobile device the Consumer used. All of this information is collected and used only in
					the aggregate; that is, it is entered into our database, where we can use it to generate overall
					reports on our visitors, but not reports about individual visitors. To enhance a Consumer’s experience on AutoWeb Sites, AutoWeb uses Google Analytics to collect
					information through Data Technologies. This data is collected on an anonymized basis and is
					aggregated but may include or be associated with other non-Personal Information or with
					Voluntarily-Provided Personal Information. Google Analytics is a web analytics tool provided by
					Google, Inc. (" Google ") that helps website owners understand how visitors engage
					with their website.
					We can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with AutoWeb Sites so we can improve
					the AutoWeb Sites. Google uses first party cookies and IP addresses, and it reports website trends
					without identifying individual visitors. For more information related to Google Analytics,
					click here. We may also use VWO to capture our visitors' website experiences, without seeing the
					text of anything the visitors type in. We use it to be able to understand how Consumers use the
					AutoWeb Sites to improve the user experience. Information collected by VWO is governed by its own
					privacy policy, which can be found here. V.         How We Use Your Personal Information and Categories of Third
					Parties To Which We Sell, Share or Disclose Personal Information Use of Personal Information by AutoWeb Personal Information collected by AutoWeb is used by AutoWeb for the purposes described above, including
				to (i) improve the content or layout of the AutoWeb Sites; (ii) improve user experience on AutoWeb
				Sites; (iii) provide services requested by users of the AutoWeb Sites; (iii) respond to questions,
				requests or complaints from Consumers; (iv) request feedback from Consumers; (v) develop new products
				and services; (vi) evaluate the effectiveness of the AutoWeb Sites; and (vii) contact Consumers for
				marketing purposes, including through email and SMS/text  marketing. When a Consumer provides the Consumer’s email address as Voluntarily-Provided Information, we
				automatically include the Consumer’s name and email address and other Voluntarily-Provided Information
				in our marketing database to receive email communications from us that contain marketing, advertisements
				and content. We may collect information regarding the effectiveness of our email and other
				communications with the Consumer. The Consumer’s submission of a Consumer Request constitutes the Consumer’s (i) affirmative consent and
				agreement to our Terms of Use and this Privacy
					Policy ; and (ii) affirmative express written consent to
				sell/share the Consumer’s information with AutoWeb, its affiliates, automotive dealers, and other
					automotive or non-automotive third parties (and their agents or representatives), and authorize
				them to
				contact the Consumer through automated means (e.g., automatic telephone dialing system, text, artificial
				or pre-recorded messaging) for promotional marketing purposes at the phone number and email address the
				Consumer provided via live, pre-recorded, or auto dialed via telephone, mobile device (including SMS and
				MMS), and/or email, even if my number is currently listed on Federal or any state Do Not Call or Do Not
				Email. The Consumer also confirms the Consumer’s understanding that the foregoing consent is not a
				condition to purchase any product/service, and that the Consumer can revoke this consent at any time or
				opt-out of SMS messages by replying STOP. The acknowledges that the Consumer’s carrier’s message and
				data rates may apply. Categories of Third Parties to Which We Sell, Share or Disclose Personal Information We may sell, share, disclose, or transfer Personal Information to Third Parties under the following
				circumstances: To Third Parties, including vehicle dealers, that can provide the Consumer with the products,
					services or information that the Consumer has requested; To our advertiser clients to assess the effectiveness of advertising campaigns we have provided for
					them; To other digital marketing services companies that purchase Consumer Requests from AutoWeb for sale,
					disclosure or transfer to such Third Party’s customers; To Service Providers and Contractors; To Third Parties who provide us appended Personal Information; To Third Party vendors and suppliers of products and services in which the Consumer has expressed an
					interest or about which a Consumer has requested information; To Third Parties that may wish to send the Consumer email, postal mail or SMS/text messages
					containing advertising or marketing materials regarding products or services that the Third Parties
					or their customers believe Consumers may find of interest; and To courts, governmental agencies and other Third Parties as required by applicable law, rule,
					regulation or order. These Third Parties may use your Personal Information for their normal business purposes, including
				marketing, customer service, fulfillment, and related purposes. We may aggregate Personal Information from all of our users and provide that information in the
				aggregate to vehicle dealers, vehicle manufacturers, advertisers and other Third Parties for marketing
				and promotional purposes. However, if we do so, that aggregated information will be anonymized so as not
				to be personally-identifiable. Co-Branded Websites We sometimes partner with AutoWeb’s affiliated companies whose products or offerings may be of interest
				to you. We strive to be transparent by co-branding our Sites and clearly posting a message if you leave
				our Sites and navigate to another. When you visit or use a part of any Site that is co-branded or that
				is a part of a joint promotion involving AutoWeb’s affiliate (each a “Co-Branded Party”), you are
				providing and consenting to provide your Personal Information and any other information collected by any
				Co-Branded Party to AutoWeb’s affiliate. Service Providers and Contractors Categories of Service Providers or Contractors that may receive Personal Information from us or on our
				behalf or to which we make available Personal Information include: Fulfillment and account servicing vendors that help us provide products, services
					and information to you, service your account or benefits, collect survey responses, and support our
					e-commerce services; Marketing and communications vendors that help us market our products/services to
					you, conduct promotions, events, surveys and other outreach campaigns; Research and development vendors that help us develop and improve our products and
					services; Data and business analytics vendors that help us collect, analyze, and improve the
					accuracy of our data (including Personal Information); IT and network administration vendors that provide services such as data storage
					and management, website hosting, and data security; Professional service firms that provide accounting, legal, and other professional
					services; and General service providers that help us with day-to-day business operations such as
					office support services, courier services, facilities management, and document destruction. Legal Matters AutoWeb will cooperate with legal authorities and may in some circumstances be required to disclose
				Personal Information in response to requests from law enforcement or other governmental agencies, or in
				response to a subpoena or other legal process. We can also share information about you if we believe we
				must in order to (i) prevent a violation of the law; (ii) protect or defend our interests and the legal
				rights or property of AutoWeb and our affiliates; (iii) protect the rights, interests, safety and
				security of users of the AutoWeb Sites or members of the public; (iv) protect against fraud or for risk
				management purposes; or (v) comply with prudent legal practice as we may determine, and with applicable
				law or legal process. We may also share Personal Information in the course of legal proceedings if we
				are legally required to do so, if we reasonably believe that doing so may mitigate our liability, or if
				doing so will assist us in enforcing our legal rights. Business Transfers and Other Transactions Information about our users and the AutoWeb Sites is a business asset of AutoWeb. As we continue to
				develop our business, we might sell or buy websites, subsidiaries or business units. In such
				transactions, Personal Information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the
				event that AutoWeb or substantially all of its assets are acquired, Personal Information will of course
				be one of the transferred assets. In addition, Personal Information will be disclosed as part of any
				creation of a separate business to provide an AutoWeb Site, or to provide other services or fulfill
				products; debt financing, sale or pledge of company assets, or insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership.
				We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the acquirer of our users' Personal Information respects
				the provisions of this Policy, although this may not be possible in certain legal settings (such as
				bankruptcy). VI.         Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information You may limit and control the Personal Information collected by us in a number of ways.  Note that
				California residents may have additional limitation and control rights that are described in the section
				of this Privacy Policy entitled “ Notice to California Residents Regarding Your California
					Privacy
					Rights. ” Voluntarily-Provided Personal Information You are not required to provide any Voluntarily-Provided Personal Information to visit or use the
				AutoWeb Sites. You may elect to not provide Voluntarily-Provided Personal Information for any purpose.
				However, in doing so, you may not be able to use all features provided by the AutoWeb Sites or all
				services provided by AutoWeb. For example, if you do not provide the Voluntarily-Provided Information
				required to submit a Consumer Request, you will not be able to submit Consumer Requests, and AutoWeb and
				vehicle sellers, manufacturers and other Third Party service and product providers will not be able to
				contact you to provide you the products, services or information in which you may be interested. You may
				also choose not to participate in surveys. Opting Out of Email Marketing We provide our users with the ability to choose whether to receive email communications from us and to
				permit their Personal Information to be disclosed to Third Parties for marketing or related purposes. If
				a Consumer does not wish to receive promotional and marketing communications from us, the Consumer may
				do so (i) if the Consumer received a promotional or marketing email from us, by following the link for
				that purpose located at the bottom of the email, or (ii) by sending a request to us by contacting our
				Consumer Care Department as provided under the section of this Privacy Policy entitled “Contact Us”
				below. However, withdrawing a Consumer’s consent will not affect the use of the Consumer’s Personal
				Information by Third Parties that previously received the Consumer’s Personal Information to continue to
				send communications to the Consumer and otherwise use the Consumer’s Personal Information. In addition, we provide you the opportunity to indicate your preferences as to what types of offerings
				of products or services you wish to receive from Third Parties or, subject to the exceptions below, to
				opt-out of disclosures to those Third Parties altogether. You may update your preferences at any time by
				contacting us at consumercare@autoweb.com . Those Third
				Parties who receive your Personal Information
				prior to your opt-out will remain able to send you communications, subject to their privacy policies and
				practices. To opt-out from receiving third party emails, you must contact those third parties directly. Even if a Consumer decides not to receive offers or other product or service information, AutoWeb and
				the dealers, manufacturers, other product and services providers, fulfillment third-parties and other
				referral services with which AutoWeb has relationships, may use a phone number, mailing address or email
				address that the Consumer has provided to contact the Consumer regarding a Consumer Request that the
				Consumer submitted. Additionally, phone numbers and email addresses may be used to conduct customer
				surveys regarding individual experiences with AutoWeb, dealers, or other product and services providers.
				Phone numbers and email addresses are made available only to AutoWeb, its affiliates and dealers,
				manufacturers, other referral services, fulfillment third parties and other referral services who
				receive a Consumer Request. If a Consumer requests to opt-out of receiving emails from us and then subsequently submits a Consumer
				Request (either directly or submitted through a Third-Party and are referred to us), this action will
				reinstate the relationship with us and we will use the Consumer’s Personal Information as set forth
				herein, unless the Consumer subsequently requests to opt-out again. Each time a Consumer submits a
				Consumer Request, this process will restart. Automatically-Collected Personal Information Opting Out of Data Technologies. Consumers have a number of choices regarding certain Data Technologies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but a Consumer can usually modify the Consumer’s
				browser’s setting to decline cookies if the Consumer prefers. Consumers have the ability to accept or
				decline cookies by modifying the Consumer’s browser settings, and our websites are viewable even if the
				Consumer disables the cookie function on the Consumer’s browser. However, if a Consumer disables
				cookies, note that certain features may not function properly or at all as a result, and some advanced
				and customized features or offerings will not be available to the Consumer, including personalization
				features. If a Consumer prefers not to accept cookies, the Consumer should consult documentation for the
				Consumer’s browser or device for more information. Most browsers will explain how to view and disable
				cookies under the help portion of the toolbar or notify the Consumer when the Consumer receives a new
				cookie. Use of third party cookies is subject to the privacy policies and opt-out procedures of these
				third parties and not AutoWeb's policy and procedures. Please click here www.networkadvertising.org in
				order to learn more about the data and information collection and use practices of some of the third
				parties for which we set cookies on AutoWeb Websites or for which we enable to set their own cookies.
				Please click here www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp in order to learn more
				about
				the "opt-out" procedures of some of these third parties. At times, not all of the third parties for
				which we set cookies on AutoWeb Websites or for which we enable to set their own cookies are included in
				the preceding link to opt-out from these cookies. Should you wish to opt-out of these cookies, a
				Consumer will need to access the third party’s website to determine their opt-out procedure. A Consumer may also render some web beacons unusable by rejecting their associated cookies and disable
				or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings
				or opting out at the website of the technology provider. A Consumer may refuse to accept a cookie from us on mobile devices by adjusting the use of advertising
				identifiers through the settings on the Consumer’s computer or device. A Consumer’s mobile device may
				also have settings that allow the Consumer to prevent sharing Geolocation Data with us. Consumer’s
				should consult their mobile device’s settings or help documentation for more information about
				exercising these options. Consumers can opt out of delivery of interest-based advertising to the Consumer by multiple companies by
				visiting www.aboutads.info/choices , www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and www.evidon.com .
				Please
				note that even if a Consumer opts out, the Consumer will continue to receive advertisements, but the
				advertisements will not be tailored to the Consumer’s specific interests. AutoWeb uses Google Analytics, which helps AutoWeb better understand its audience and target
				communications and advertisements based on demographic or interest-based information. Consumers may
				learn more about opting out of certain Google advertising initiatives and to install Google Analytics
				Opt-out Browser Add-on https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . Please
				note that Consumers may still
				receive advertising even after opting out, but that advertising may not be tailored to the Consumer or
				the Consumer’s interests. Trackable Telephone Numbers If a Consumer does not want to have information collected through the Consumer’s use of a trackable
				telephone number, the Consumer may choose to not call the vehicle dealer to which the number is assigned
				by using the trackable phone number displayed on AutoWeb Sites. Response to Opt-Out Preference Signals As of the effective date of this Privacy Policy, there is no commonly accepted response for Do Not Track
				signals initiated by browsers. Therefore, we do not respond to such signals or to other mechanisms that
				provide the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of Personal Information regarding your
				online activities over time and across third party websites or online services Revocation of TCPA Consent and Opting Out of Automated Calls and Text Messaging You may revoke your consent and opt-out from receiving calls or text messages at any time. You
					may
					opt-out of text messages by replying STOP to any text message you receive or follow other opt-out
					instructions included with the text message. You acknowledge and agree that you may receive a text
					message confirming your opt-out. To opt-out of telephone calls from AutoWeb (but not text messages),
					contact our ConsumerCare Department as provided below under “Contact Us.” To opt-out of
				receiving
				telephone calls or texts from Third Parties, please contact the Third Party directly. To obtain
				assistance from our ConsumerCare Department with respect to text messaging, contact our ConsumerCare
				Department as provided below under “Contact Us.” VII.         Children and Minors AutoWeb Sites are not directed to minors under the age of 16, including both children under the age of
				13 and children at least 13 and less than 16 years of age (collectively, “Minors under the age of 16”).
				We do not intend, and AutoWeb Sites are not designed, to collect from, sell or share Personal
				Information of Minors under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect, sell, or share Personal
				Information of Minors under age 16 and do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share Personal
				Information of Minors under age 16. If you are under 16 years old, you should not provide Personal
				Information to any AutoWeb Website. Should we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected or received
				Personal Information from a Minor under the age of 16 without the verifiable consent of a person that we
				have determined by reasonable methods to be the minor’s a parent or guardian (if a minor is under 13
				years of age), or the minors’ consent (if a minor is at least 13 and less than 16 years of age), we will
				delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a Minor under the
				age of 16, please contact our Consumer Care Department as specified in the "Contact Us" section below. We do not sell or share Personal Information without the affirmative consents required by the
					California
					Privacy Act if we obtain actual knowledge that we collected or maintain Personal Information from
					Minors
					under the age of 16. VIII.         When Third Party Privacy Policies, Terms of Use and
					Consents To Marketing Calls and Texting Govern the Collection, Use, Sale or Sharing of Personal
					Information A Consumer’s Personal Information is collected by a Third Party: When the Consumer initially provides the Third Party the Consumer’s Personal Information on a Third
					Party site and not on an AutoWeb Site. When a Consumer clicks on a link to a Third Party site from an AutoWeb Site, including clicking on a
					Third Party advertisement placed on an AutoWeb Site, the Consumer will leave the AutoWeb Site the
					Consumer was visiting and be redirected to the Third Party site. When we sell, share, disclose or otherwise transfer the Consumer’s Personal Information to the Third
					Party, for example, when we sell a Consumer Request to a vehicle dealer to contact the Consumer
					regarding the information, product or services the Consumer requested. When AutoWeb authorizes a Third Party to place the Third Party’s cookie or other Data Technology on
					an AutoWeb site. When AutoWeb authorizes a Third Party to offer their products and services on AutoWeb Sites through
					use of a "framed" format, where the AutoWeb border will surround the pages served by the Third
					Party, or by directly linking the user to the Third Party’s sites. In either case, the Third Party
					is prominently identified. When a Consumer’s Personal Information is collected by a Third Party, the Third Party’s collection, use,
				sale, sharing, disclosure or other transfer the Consumer’s Personal Information is governed by the Third
				Party’s privacy policy and terms of use. In addition, the Third Party is responsible for obtaining the
				Consumer’s consent under the TCPA if the Personal Information collected includes your telephone number
				(landline or mobile). Because we do not control the activities of Third Parties, we do not accept or
				assume responsibility for any collection, use, storage, sale, sharing, disclosure or other transfer of
				Personal Information by such Third Parties or with respect to obtaining your consumer consent, and we
				cannot represent or guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy practices or procedures as
				AutoWeb. We encourage Consumer’s to review the privacy policies and terms of use of any Third Parties to
				which a Consumer provides Personal Information or from which a Consumer requests information, products
				or services. IX.         Security Procedures and Practices AutoWeb has implemented and maintains reasonable administrative,
				technical, personnel, and physical
				security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the Personal Information and designed to
				protect the Personal Information stored in our systems against unauthorized or illegal access,
				destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. Although AutoWeb has endeavored to create a secure and
				reliable networks, servers and databases that we operate or that are operated on our behalf, no method
				of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we
				strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee
				its absolute security and cannot guarantee protection of all information against interception,
				misappropriation, misuse, or alteration, or that information may not be disclosed or accessed by
				accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others. X.         Changes or Revisions to This Policy We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without prior individual notice. Any
				changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted at this URL, so be sure to check back often and consult the
				last updated version. Your continued use of AutoWeb Sites and Services following notice of such changes
				will be conclusively deemed acceptance of any changes to this Privacy Policy. You agree that posting of
				changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes reasonable and sufficient notice. At all times, you are bound
				by the then-current version of the Privacy Policy and all applicable laws. We highly recommend that you
				review this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any change to this Privacy Policy that materially affects
				your rights to your Personal Information will not take effect until 30 days after notice of such change
				is posted on the site, during which time you may notify us that you do not accept such change. If you do
				not accept such change, then you must immediately discontinue use of AutoWeb Sites. Your continued use
				of AutoWeb Sites after such 30-day period will mean that you accept such changes. If we make material
				changes that will affect Personal Information we have already collected from you prior to the changes
				going into effect, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of these material changes and to give
				you the opportunity to opt-out and not allow us to use your Personal Information in the manner allowed
				by the changes. XI.         Disputes Your access and use of AutoWeb Sites and any dispute regarding privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy
				and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the
				law of the State of California. XII.         Updating or Correcting Your Personal Information. To update your Personal Information, you must submit a request by contacting our Consumer Care
				Department as provided under the section of this Privacy Policy entitled “Contact Us” below. Note that
				California residents should also review the additional requirements applicable to California residents
				in the section of this Privacy Policy entitled “ Notice to California Residents Regarding Your
					California
					Privacy Rights. ” XIII.         Contact Us If you have any questions or need help or assistance regarding privacy, security, opting-out of email or
				text communications, your email and marketing preferences, or understanding how your Personal
				Information is being used, please contact our Consumer Care Department by email
				at  consumercare@autoweb.com or by calling via our toll-free number at (800) 267-2015. Note that
				California residents should also review the additional requirements applicable to California residents
				in the section of this Privacy Policy entitled “ Notice to California Residents Regarding Your
					California
					Privacy Rights. ” Notice to California Residents Regarding Your California Privacy Rights The California Privacy Act provides eligible California residents with specific rights with respect to
				our collection, retention, use, selling, sharing and disclosure of Personal Information. This California
				Privacy Rights section supplements this Privacy Policy and applies solely to eligible residents of
				California. Any terms not defined in this section have the same meaning as defined in the California
				Privacy Act. Summary of California Privacy Rights Act Right to Request and Obtain Information Regarding Personal Information (“Right to
						Know”). The California
				Privacy Act entitles California residents to request information about the Consumer’s Personal
				Information collected by the business in the 12 months preceding the request and concerning the
				categories of Personal Information that the business has collected about the Consumer; the categories of
				sources from which the Personal Information was collected; the business or commercial purpose for
				collecting, selling or sharing the Personal Information; the categories of third parties with whom the
				business discloses Personal Information; and the specific pieces of Personal Information that a business
				has collected about the individual Consumer. If the business also sells or shares the Consumer’s
				Personal Information or discloses it for a business purpose, in addition to the foregoing information,
				the consumer has the right to obtain the categories of Personal Information that the business sold or
				shared about the consumer in the 12 months preceding the request and the categories of third parties to
				whom the Consumer’s Personal Information was sold or shared (by category or categories of Personal
				Information for each third party to whom the Personal Information was sold or shared); and the
				categories of Personal Information that the business disclosed about the Consumer for a business
				purpose. Upon request by the Consumer, we may be required to provide the foregoing information for a
				period beyond the 12-month period unless doing so proves impossible or would involve disproportionate
				effort. This extended reporting period shall only apply to Personal Information collected on or after
				January 2, 2022. California residents who wish to request the foregoing information in compliance with
				the California Privacy Act should submit their requests as provided below under the section entitled
				“ Submission of Requests To Exercise California Privacy Rights-- Requests to Know, Requests to
						Delete and
						Requests to Correct ” below. Right to Have Personal Information Deleted (“Right to Delete”) .  The
				California Privacy Act entitles
				California residents to request that a business delete all Personal Information about the Consumer that
				the business has collected, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the California Privacy Act. 
				California residents who wish to request deletion of their Personal Information in compliance with the
				California Privacy Act should submit their requests as provided below under the section entitled
				“ Submission of Requests To Exercise California Privacy Rights-- Requests to Know, Requests to
						Delete and
						Requests to Correct ” below. Right to Have Inaccurate Personal Information Corrected (“Right to Correct”) .
				 The California Privacy
				Act entitles California residents to request that a business that maintains inaccurate Personal
				Information about the Consumer to use commercially reasonable efforts to correct that inaccurate
				Personal Information, taking into account the nature of the Personal Information and the purposes of the
				processing of the Personal Information. California residents who wish to exercise the foregoing right
				should submit their requests as provided below under the section entitled “ Submission of
					Requests To
					Exercise California Privacy Rights-- Requests to Know, Requests to Delete and Requests to
						Correct ”
				below. Right to Opt-out From the Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information to Third Parties
						(“Right to
						Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing”) .  The California Privacy Act entitles California
				residents to direct that a
				business that sells or shares Personal Information about the Consumer to third parties not to sell
				and/or share the Consumer’s Personal Information. California residents who wish to exercise this right
				in compliance with the California Privacy Act should submit their requests as provided below under the
				section entitled “ Submission of Requests To Exercise California Privacy Rights-- Requests to
						Opt-Out of
						Sale/Sharing ” below. Right to Have the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information Limited (“Right to
						Limit). The
				California Privacy Act entitles California residents to direct that a business that collects Sensitive
				Personal Information about the Consumer to limit its use of the Consumer’s Sensitive Personal
				Information to that use which is necessary to perform the services or provide the goods reasonably
				expected by an average Consumer who requests those goods or services, except that this Right to Limit is
				not applicable to certain such uses permitted by the California Privacy Act. California residents who
				wish to exercise the foregoing right should submit their requests as provided below under the section
				entitled “ Submission of Requests To Exercise California Privacy Rights-- Requests to
						Limit ” below. No Discrimination Against Persons Exercising Rights Under the California Privacy
						Act. AutoWeb will not
				discriminate against any Consumer because the Consumer exercised any of the Consumer’s rights under the
				California Privacy Act. Unless permitted by applicable law, we will not: Deny you goods or services. Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or
					other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or
					quality of goods or services. Retaliate against an employee, applicant for employment, or independent contractor. Information Regarding Collection and Sale of Personal Information and
						Requests. The following
				information regarding Personal Information collected and sold/shared by AutoWeb and Consumer requests to
				exercise various rights under the California Privacy Act can be accessed by clicking here : Metrics for the immediately preceding calendar year regarding the following: The number of requests to delete Personal Information that we received, compiled with in
							whole or in part, and denied during the calendar year. The number of requests to correct Personal Information that we received, complied with in
							whole or in part, and denied during the calendar year. The number of requests to know Personal Information that we received, complied with in whole
							or in part, and denied during the calendar year. The number of requests to opt-out of sale/sharing Personal Information that we received,
							compiled with in whole or in part, and denied during the calendar year. The number of requests to limit the use or disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information that
							we received, compiled with in whole or in part, and denied during the calendar year. The median number of days within which we substantively responded to requests to delete,
							requests to know, requests to opt-out of sale/sharing, and requests to limit. Other California Privacy Rights Right to Request Information Regarding Sharing of Personal Information With Third Parties
						for Direct
						Marketing Purposes. The California “Shine the Light Law” (Cal. Civil Code Section
				1798.83) entitles
				California residents to request information concerning whether a business has disclosed certain Personal
				Information about the consumer during the immediately preceding calendar year to any third parties for
				the third parties' direct marketing purposes. California residents who wish to request further
				information in compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices and
				policies may contact our Consumer Care Department as specified in the section entitled " How to
					Contact
					Us Regarding This Privacy Policy and Your California Privacy Rights" , below. Children and Minors . Section 22581 of the California Business and Professions
				Code permits a resident of
				California who is both under the age of 18 and a registered user of any site on which this Privacy
				Policy is posted to request and obtain removal of content that the user has publicly posted. Please be
				aware that such requests do not ensure the complete removal of the content posted, and there may be
				circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal, even if requested. To request removal
				of content under Section 22581 of the California Business and Professions Code, please contact us as
				specified in the section entitled “ How to Contact Us Regarding This Privacy Policy and Your
						California
						Privacy Rights ” below. Submission of Requests To Exercise California Privacy Rights Requests to Know, Requests to Delete and Requests to Correct To exercise your Right to Know, Right to Delete or Right to Correct, you must submit a verifiable
				request (as defined by the California Privacy Act) to our Consumer Care Department by email
				at consumercare@autoweb.com , by calling
				via our toll-free number at (800) 267-2015, or by accessing our
				request form online at https://autoweb.truyo.com/consumer/request_form . A verifiable consumer request must: Provide sufficient information that allows us to verify, using commercially reasonable methods, that
					you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and
					respond to it. For Requests to Delete, we may use a two-step process for online Requests to Delete where the
					Consumer must first submit the request and then separately confirm that the Consumer wants to delete
					the Consumer’s Personal Information. The California Privacy Act requires that we verify the identity of the requesting Consumer to a
				reasonable degree of certainty or reasonably high degree of certainty depending on the type of request
				and the Personal Information about the requesting Consumer maintained by us, as well as the sensitivity
				of the Personal Information and the risk of harm to the Consumer posed by unauthorized deletion, access
				or correction. We cannot comply with your Request to Know, Request to Delete or Request to Correct if we
				cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information
				relates to you. No later than ten (10) business days after receiving a Request to Know, Request to Delete, or Request to
				Correct, we will confirm receipt of your request and provide information about how we will process the
				request, including information regarding our verification process and when you should get a response to
				your request. We will respond to a Request to Know, Request to Delete or Request to Correct within 45
				calendar days of receipt of a request.  If we require more time (up to an additional 45 calendar days,
				for a maximum total of 90 calendar days) to respond, we will notify you of the reason and extension
				period. If we are unable to comply with or deny a request, the response we provide you an explanation of
				the reasons why we cannot comply with or denied the request. We will deliver our written response to a Request to Know information by mail or electronically, at your
				option. We are not obligated to provide a Consumer the information requested in response to a Request to Know
				more than twice within a 12-month period. With respect to Requests to Correct, if we deny a Request to Correct because we have determined that the
				contested Personal Information is more likely than not accurate based on the totality of the
				circumstances, we may elect to delete the contested Personal Information if the deletion does not
				negatively impact the Consumer or the Consumer consents to the deletion. Requests to Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing and Requests to Limit To exercise your Right to Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing or Right to Limit you must submit a request to our
				Consumer Care Department by email at consumercare@autoweb.com , by calling via our toll-free number at
				(800) 267-2015, or by accessing our request form online
				at https://autoweb.truyo.com/consumer/request_form . We will act upon your request within fifteen (15) business days after receipt of your request. If we
				determine that your Request to Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing or Request to Limit is fraudulent and deny the
				request, we will inform the requesting Consumer of that decision and provide an explanation of why we
				believe the request is fraudulent. Requests to Opt-In To Sale/Sharing A Consumer who has exercised the Consumer’s right to opt-out from the sale and/or share of the
				Consumer’s Personal Information, may change the Consumer’s mind and opt back in to personal information
				sales or sharing at any time by submitting a request to our Consumer Care Department by email
				at consumercare@autoweb.com or by calling
				via our toll-free number at (800) 267-2015. A two-step
				process will be used whereby the Consumer must first clearly submit the request to opt-in, and then
				second, separately confirm the Consumer’s choice to opt-in. Authorized Agents A request that must be verified may be submitted by an Authorized Agent. If a request is submitted by an
				Authorized Agent on your behalf, we will require that (i) the Authorized Agent to provide proof that the
				Consumer gave the Authorized Agent signed permission to submit the request; and (ii) the Consumer verify
				the Consumer’s own identity directly with us or directly confirms with us that the Consumer provided the
				Authorized Agent permission to submit the request; provided that the foregoing two requirements shall
				not apply to an Authorized Agent who has been given a power of attorney by the Consumer pursuant to
				California Probate Code sections 4121-4130.If a parent or guardian is submitting a request on behalf of
				a minor under the age of 13, the parent or guardian must submit verifiable proof and we must determine
				by reasonable methods that they are the parent or guardian of the minor. Request Fees and Denial of Requests We do not charge a fee to verify, process or respond to requests; provided that if requests are
				manifestly unfounded or excessive, including by reason of them being repetitive, we may charge a
				reasonable fee with respect to responding to the request or refuse to act on the request.  If we
				determine that a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, we provide you with a cost estimate
				before
				completing your request or notify you of the reason we decided to refuse to act on the request and. How to Contact Us Regarding This Privacy Policy and Your California Privacy
						Rights If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, your rights under the California Privacy Act
				(e.g., Right to Know, Right to Delete, Right to Correct, Right to Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing, Right to
				Limit) or the other California privacy rights summarize above, or the process to submit requests to
				exercise your California Privacy Rights, please contact our Consumer Care Department by email
				at consumercare@autoweb.com or by calling
				via our toll-free number at (800) 267-2015. English Accessibility Adjustments Reset Settings Statement Hide Interface Choose the right accessibility profile for you OFF ON Seizure Safe Profile Clear flashes & reduces color This profile enables epileptic and seizure prone users to browse safely by eliminating the risk of seizures that result from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations. OFF ON Vision Impaired Profile Enhances website's visuals This profile adjusts the website, so that it is accessible to the majority of visual impairments such as Degrading Eyesight, Tunnel Vision, Cataract, Glaucoma, and others. OFF ON ADHD Friendly Profile More focus & fewer distractions This profile significantly reduces distractions, to help people with ADHD and Neurodevelopmental disorders browse, read, and focus on the essential elements of the website more easily. OFF ON Cognitive Disability Profile Assists with reading & focusing This profile provides various assistive features to help users with cognitive disabilities such as Autism, Dyslexia, CVA, and others, to focus on the essential elements of the website more easily. OFF ON Keyboard Navigation (Motor) Use website with the keyboard This profile enables motor-impaired persons to operate the website using the keyboard Tab, Shift+Tab, and the Enter keys. Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements. Note: This profile prompts automatically for keyboard users. OFF ON Blind Users (Screen Reader) Optimize website for screen-readers This profile adjusts the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack. A screen-reader is software that is installed on the blind user’s computer and smartphone, and websites should ensure compatibility with it. Note: This profile prompts automatically to screen-readers. Content Adjustments Content Scaling Default Readable Font Highlight Titles Highlight Links Text Magnifier Adjust Font Sizing Default Align Center Adjust Line Height Default Align Left Adjust Letter Spacing Default Align Right Color Adjustments Dark Contrast Light Contrast High Contrast High Saturation Adjust Text Colors Cancel Monochrome Adjust Title Colors Cancel Low Saturation Adjust Background Colors Cancel Orientation Adjustments Mute Sounds Hide Images Read Mode Reading Guide Useful Links Select an option Home Header Footer Main Content Stop Animations Reading Mask Highlight Hover Highlight Focus Big Black Cursor Big White Cursor HIDDEN_ADJUSTMENTS Keyboard Navigation Accessible Mode Screen Reader Adjustments Read Mode Web Accessibility By Learn More Choose the Interface Language English Español Deutsch Português Français Italiano עברית 繁體中文 Pусский عربى عربى Nederlands 繁體中文 日本語 Polski Türk Accessibility Statement Compliance status We firmly believe that the internet should be available and accessible to anyone and are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the broadest possible audience, regardless of ability. To fulfill this, we aim to adhere as strictly as possible to the World Wide Web Consortium’s (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 (WCAG 2.1) at the AA level. These guidelines explain how to make web content accessible to people with a wide array of disabilities. Complying with those guidelines helps us ensure that the website is accessible to blind people, people with motor impairments, visual impairment, cognitive disabilities, and more. This website utilizes various technologies that are meant to make it as accessible as possible at all times. We utilize an accessibility interface that allows persons with specific disabilities to adjust the website’s UI (user interface) and design it to their personal needs. Additionally, the website utilizes an AI-based application that runs in the background and optimizes its accessibility level constantly. This application remediates the website’s HTML, adapts its functionality and behavior for screen-readers used by blind users, and for keyboard functions used by individuals with motor impairments. If you wish to contact the website’s owner please use the website's form Screen-reader and keyboard navigation Our website implements the ARIA attributes (Accessible Rich Internet Applications) technique, alongside various behavioral changes, to ensure blind users visiting with screen-readers can read, comprehend, and enjoy the website’s functions. As soon as a user with a screen-reader enters your site, they immediately receive a prompt to enter the Screen-Reader Profile so they can browse and operate your site effectively. Here’s how our website covers some of the most important screen-reader requirements: Screen-reader optimization: we run a process that learns the website’s components from top to bottom, to ensure ongoing compliance even when updating the website. In this process, we provide screen-readers with meaningful data using the ARIA set of attributes. For example, we provide accurate form labels; descriptions for actionable icons (social media icons, search icons, cart icons, etc.); validation guidance for form inputs; element roles such as buttons, menus, modal dialogues (popups), and others. Additionally, the background process scans all of the website’s images. It provides an accurate and meaningful image-object-recognition-based description as an ALT (alternate text) tag for images that are not described. It will also extract texts embedded within the image using an OCR (optical character recognition) technology. To turn on screen-reader adjustments at any time, users need only to press the Alt+1 keyboard combination. Screen-reader users also get automatic announcements to turn the Screen-reader mode on as soon as they enter the website. These adjustments are compatible with popular screen readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack. Keyboard navigation optimization: The background process also adjusts the website’s HTML and adds various behaviors using JavaScript code to make the website operable by the keyboard. This includes the ability to navigate the website using the Tab and Shift+Tab keys, operate dropdowns with the arrow keys, close them with Esc, trigger buttons and links using the Enter key, navigate between radio and checkbox elements using the arrow keys, and fill them in with the Spacebar or Enter key. Additionally, keyboard users will find content-skip menus available at any time by clicking Alt+2, or as the first element of the site while navigating with the keyboard. The background process also handles triggered popups by moving the keyboard focus towards them as soon as they appear, not allowing the focus to drift outside. Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements. Disability profiles supported on our website Epilepsy Safe Profile: this profile enables people with epilepsy to safely use the website by eliminating the risk of seizures resulting from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations. Vision Impaired Profile: this profile adjusts the website so that it is accessible to the majority of visual impairments such as Degrading Eyesight, Tunnel Vision, Cataract, Glaucoma, and others. Cognitive Disability Profile: this profile provides various assistive features to help users with cognitive disabilities such as Autism, Dyslexia, CVA, and others, to focus on the essential elements more easily. ADHD Friendly Profile : this profile significantly reduces distractions and noise to help people with ADHD, and Neurodevelopmental disorders browse, read, and focus on the essential elements more easily. Blind Users Profile (Screen-readers): this profile adjusts the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack. A screen-reader is installed on the blind user’s computer, and this site is compatible with it. Keyboard Navigation Profile (Motor-Impaired): this profile enables motor-impaired persons to operate the website using the keyboard Tab, Shift+Tab, and the Enter keys. Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements. Additional UI, design, and readability adjustments Font adjustments – users can increase and decrease its size, change its family (type), adjust the spacing, alignment, line height, and more. Color adjustments – users can select various color contrast profiles such as light, dark, inverted, and monochrome. Additionally, users can swap color schemes of titles, texts, and backgrounds with over seven different coloring options. Animations – epileptic users can stop all running animations with the click of a button. Animations controlled by the interface include videos, GIFs, and CSS flashing transitions. Content highlighting – users can choose to emphasize essential elements such as links and titles. They can also choose to highlight focused or hovered elements only. Audio muting – users with hearing devices may experience headaches or other issues due to automatic audio playing. This option lets users mute the entire website instantly. Cognitive disorders – we utilize a search engine linked to Wikipedia and Wiktionary, allowing people with cognitive disorders to decipher meanings of phrases, initials, slang, and others. Additional functions – we allow users to change cursor color and size, use a printing mode, enable a virtual keyboard, and many other functions. Assistive technology and browser compatibility We aim to support as many browsers and assistive technologies as possible, so our users can choose the best fitting tools for them, with as few limitations as possible. Therefore, we have worked very hard to be able to support all major systems that comprise over 95% of the user market share, including Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, Opera and Microsoft Edge, JAWS, and NVDA (screen readers), both for Windows and MAC users. Notes, comments, and feedback Despite our very best efforts to allow anybody to adjust the website to their needs, there may still be pages or sections that are not fully accessible, are in the process of becoming accessible, or are lacking an adequate technological solution to make them accessible. Still, we are continually improving our accessibility, adding, updating, improving its options and features, and developing and adopting new technologies. All this is meant to reach the optimal level of accessibility following technological advancements. If you wish to contact the website’s owner, please use the website's form Hide Accessibility Interface? Please note: If you choose to hide the accessibility interface, you won't be able to see it anymore, unless you clear your browsing history and data. Are you sure that you wish to hide the interface? Accept Cancel Continue Processing the data, please give it a few seconds... Press Alt+1 for screen-reader mode