Privacy Policy - NFocus Skip to Content Skip to navigation NFocus Toggle navigation Who We Are + Work With Us Products & Services + ListCounts ListCounts Login ResQue ResQue Login NSight Look-Alike Targeting Custom Data Optimization List Cleaning Consulting Marketing Build Your List + Featured Data Sets Partner + Printers Marketing Agencies Publishers Franchise Businesses Search | (800) 675-5809 | Contact Privacy Policy Last Updated: 12/29/2022 NFocus Consulting Inc. (“we,” “us,” “our”) works hard to build and maintain a relationship of trust with you. This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) governs our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information (as defined below) in connection with your use of our website(s) (“Site”), such as www.n-focus.com, and any services, transactions, engagements, or other interactions you might have with us (collectively, “Services”). This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect about you, how we use or disclose such information, how to exercise any rights you may have with respect to your Personal Information (including any rights to opt-out of certain uses of your information), and the safeguards we have in place to reduce the risk of unauthorized access and use. Please carefully read this Privacy Policy, which is part of our Terms of Use, before using our Site and/or Services.  If you do not agree with our Terms of Use and/or this Privacy Policy, you must refrain from using our Site/Services. By accessing or using our Site or Services, you agree to our use of your information consistent with our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. TABLE OF CONTENTS PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES CONFLICT BETWEEN THIS POLICY AND LOCAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS INFORMATION WE COLLECT AS A BUSINESS HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION THIRD-PARTY PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION ON SITE HOW WE USE AND SHARE INFORMATION AS A BUSINESS SUMMARY OF OUR PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE AS A BUSINESS PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR OUR CLIENTS SECURITY OTHER WEBSITES COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT OTHER TRANSFERS HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR DATA CHILDREN’S PRIVACY ADDITIONAL CALIFORNIA CONSUMER RIGHTS CCPA REQUEST REPORT ADDITIONAL VIRGINIA CONSUMER RIGHTS VCDPA REQUEST REPORT CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES This Privacy Policy is subject to change. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently for any revisions or amendments. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this Site and will be effective immediately upon posting. You will be deemed to have been made aware of and have accepted the changes by your continued use of our Site or Services. If we determine that a change to this Privacy Policy will result in using your Personal Information acquired before the change being used in a materially new way, we will provide you notice before using your Personal Information in the new way. CONFLICT BETWEEN THIS POLICY AND LOCAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS When federal, state, and local laws and regulations require a higher level of protection for your Personal Information, they take precedence over this Privacy Policy. In addition, the specific requirements of this Privacy Policy apply only when local laws and regulations permit. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AS A BUSINESS Personal Information We collect information that personally identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with you (“Personal Information”), including: Personal Identifiers (e.g., name, birth year, mailing address, email address, phone number, record ID number, political affiliation, voter registration); Financial Information (e.g., loan type & interest rate, mortgage amount, lender name); Characteristics of Protected Classifications (e.g., gender, age, ethnic group, language spoken, religion, marital status, sexual orientation, military or veteran status); Commercial Information (e.g., property location & characteristics, dwelling type, property value, vehicle make/model/year, move-in date, purchase date); Employment/Professional Information (e.g., occupation); Health Information (e.g., ailments); Internet & network information (e.g., browsing history, IP address, data collected by cookies and similar technologies, Site interactions, device information such as device IDs, specifications, and operating system); Geolocation Data (e.g., latitude & longitude of residence); Inferences drawn from the above categories of Personal Information that relate to your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes (e.g., value scores, inferred credit scores, net worth models, interests, familial relationships, milestones such as engagement or pregnancy, purchase likelihood models). The types of Personal Information we collect about you may vary based on how you use the Site and/or Services and your relationship with us. Business Information We also collect information about businesses and their representatives that engage with us such as EIN, TIN, contact person name, address, phone number, contact person email address, bank account information, and number of years in business (collectively, “Business Information”). This information is generally not considered Personal Information because it relates to a business or a business contact; however, to the extent we must treat any Business Information as Personal Information under applicable laws we will do so. Usage Data and Site Activity We automatically collect information in connection with the actions you take on the Site (“Usage Data”). For example, each time you use the Site, we automatically collect the type of web browser you use, the type of device you use, your operating system, your Internet Service Provider, the pages you view, referring and exit pages, the date and time of your visit, and the number of clicks to, from, and within the Site, and the duration of your visits to the Site. If this information is capable of being associated with you, directly or indirectly, we treat it as Personal Information. If this information is not capable of being individually associated with you, we treat it as Usage Data. Communication Recordings We may record calls and retain the content of text messages or other written/electronic communications between you and us. By communicating with us, you consent to our recording and retention of communications. HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION Voluntary Disclosure We may ask you to provide us with Personal Information and/or Business Information when you communicate with us (online or offline), make a purchase from us, enter into an agreement with us, and at other times. Third-Party Data Sources We may collect Personal Information directly or indirectly from third-party data sources such as data brokerages, marketing/advertising agencies, analytics firms, and government agencies (e.g., U.S. Census Bureau, U.S. Postal Service, state and local recording offices). Cookies & Other Automated Tools We use cookies (a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and browser) and other automated tools such as tracking pixels to improve the experience of the site and Services, such as saving your preferences from visit to visit to present you with a customized version of the Website. Many web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies.  You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.  Instructions for how to manage cookies in popular browsers are available at: Internet Explorer , Firefox , Chrome , Safari (iOS) , Safari (Mac) , and Opera . However, certain features of the Site may not work if you delete or disable cookies. We use the following types of cookies: Session Cookies : Session cookies keep track of you or your information as you move from page to page within the Site and are typically deleted once you close your browser. For example, session cookies allow your online credit application to function properly. Persistent Cookies : Persistent cookies reside on your system and allow us to customize your experience if you leave and later return to the Site. For example, persistent cookies may allow us to remember your preferences. Advertising Cookies : Advertising cookies are used to learn more about you and advertise products/services that might interest you. We employ software technology that enables us to track certain aspects of a user’s visit to the Site. This technology helps us better manage content on the Site by informing us what content is effective, how consumers engage with the Site, and how consumers arrive at and/or depart from the Site. The software typically uses two methods to track user activity: (1) “tracking pixels” and (2) “clear gifs.” Tracking pixels are pieces of executable code that are embedded in a web page that track usage activity including which pages are viewed, when they are viewed, and how long the pages are viewed. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with unique identifiers which are embedded in web pages and email messages that track whether or not a user has viewed a particular web page or email message. User activity information may be associated with additional information about a user’s session and Personal Information, if provided by the user. If you arrive at the Site by “clicking through” from another website, then certain information about you that you provided to that other website, such as the terms you were searching on that led you to the Site, may be transmitted to us and we may use it. You should review the Privacy Policy of any website from which you reached the Site to determine what information was collected by that website and for what purpose(s) you agreed that website could use that information. We may retain information about you provided to us by other websites and will only use it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Such information may be associated with other Usage Data or Personal Information. Online Behavioral Advertising We may work with third-party advertisers, search providers, and ad networks (“Advertisers”) to learn more about you and show you ads or other content that we believe would be relevant to you. Advertisers may collect and use information about your use of the Site or Services as well as other websites and services. These companies may use cookies and other online tracking technologies to collect and use your information. We and/or Advertisers may also append other data to the data collected by Advertisers to create an interest profile of individual users. We try to retain and analyze data in a way that anonymizes it, but it is possible that we may collect or use Personal Information as part of our online behavioral advertising activities. Our Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that an Advertiser may collect from you. Advertisements may be shown via the Site or on third-party websites. Social Media Widgets The Site may include social media features, such as the Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn widgets. These features may collect information about your IP address and the pages you visit on our site as well as other Personal Information. A cookie may be set to ensure that a feature properly functions. Your interactions with features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them. THIRD-PARTY PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION ON SITE Certain third parties collect Personal Information and/or Usage Data from users of our Site using automatic information collection tools such as cookies and tracking pixels. For example, social media companies and Google (through use of the reCAPTCHA feature) may collect Personal Information and/or Usage Data. The collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information and/or Usage Data by these third parties is governed by their privacy policies. HOW WE USE AND SHARE INFORMATION AS A BUSINESS Generally We use Personal Information for internal purposes, such as to: Provide you with the Site and Services; Service our clients’ accounts; Market our products and services to you; Perform marketing and other types of data analytics; Operate information security and anti-fraud programs; Perform day-to-day business operations; and Respond to governmental and other legal requests. Service Providers We may establish a relationship with other businesses to provide services to us which may include corporate affiliates (“Service Providers”), including for: Payment processing; Reporting data usage; Facilitating marketing and non-marketing communications; Marketing design and development; Business analytics (both marketing and non-marketing related); IT and network administration such as data storage and management, website hosting, and data security; Professional services such as legal and accounting; Obtaining legal records; Collection of accounts; and Day-to-day business operations such as courier services, facilities management, and document destruction. We only provide our Service Providers with the information necessary for them to perform these services on our behalf. Each Service Provider is expected to use reasonable security measures appropriate to the nature of the information involved to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Service Providers are prohibited from using Personal Information other than as specified by us. We share the following types of Personal Information with one or more Service Providers: personal identifiers; financial information; characteristics of protected classifications; commercial information; employment/professional information; health information; geolocation data; inferences drawn from the above categories of Personal Information. Third-Party Sharing/Selling We may share or sell your Personal Information with other companies who do not provide services to us (“Third Parties”) such as companies that market and/or sell products and services to consumers and/or businesses and the service providers for those companies. We share or sell the following types of Personal Information with one or more Third Parties: personal identifiers; financial information; characteristics of protected classifications; commercial information; employment/professional information; health information; geolocation data; inferences drawn from the above categories of Personal Information. SUMMARY OF OUR PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE AS A BUSINESS The following chart provides a summary of the categories of Personal Information we collect, from whom we collect it, and our business purposes for collecting, using, and disclosing it. We may share Personal Information with Service Providers or Third Parties for the same reasons that we collect and use it. The chart also provides a summary of whether we share or sell Personal Information to Third Parties, and, if so, the categories of Personal Information we disclose. Category of PI Categories of Sources from which we Collect PI Our Business Purposes for Collecting, Using, Sharing, or Selling PI Categories of Service Providers that we Share PI with for a Business Purpose Categories of Third Parties to whom we Sell PI Personal Identifiers Third-Party Data Sources; Service Providers Our internal purposes (identified above); conducting marketing campaigns on our clients’ behalf; reselling Personal Information; performing analytics and modeling for our clients. Data Processing and Analytic Services, Advertising Services, IT Support Services, IT and Networking Vendors, Professional Service Firms, Office Support Services Companies that market and/or sell products or services to consumers and/or businesses; and service providers who support those companies Employment & Professional Information Third-Party Data Sources; Service Providers Our internal purposes (identified above); conducting marketing campaigns on our clients’ behalf; reselling Personal Information; performing analytics and modeling for our clients. Data Processing and Analytic Services, Advertising Services, IT Support Services, IT and Networking Vendors, Professional Service Firms, Office Support Services, Legal Services Companies that market and/or sell products or services to consumers and/or businesses; and service providers who support those companies Financial Information Third-Party Data Sources; Service Providers Our internal purposes (identified above); conducting marketing campaigns on our clients’ behalf; reselling Personal Information; performing analytics and modeling for our clients. Data Processing and Analytic Services, Advertising Services, IT Support Services, IT and Networking Vendors, Professional Service Firms, Office Support Services, Collection Agencies, Payment Processors, Accounting Firms, Payroll Providers, Legal Services Companies that market and/or sell products or services to consumers and/or businesses; and service providers who support those companies Characteristics of Protected Classifications Third-Party Data Sources; Service Providers Our internal purposes (identified above); conducting marketing campaigns on our clients’ behalf; reselling Personal Information; performing analytics and modeling for our clients. Data Processing and Analytic Services, Advertising Services, IT Support Services, IT and Networking Vendors, Professional Service Firms, Office Support Services Companies that market and/or sell products or services to consumers and/or businesses; and service providers who support those companies Internet & Network Information Service Providers Our internal purposes (identified above); performing analytics and modeling for our clients. Data Processing and Analytic Services, Advertising Services, IT Support Services, IT and Networking Vendors Companies that market and/or sell products or services to consumers and/or businesses; and service providers who support those companies Geolocation Data Third-Party Data Sources; Service Providers Our internal purposes (identified above); conducting marketing campaigns on our clients’ behalf; reselling Personal Information; performing analytics and modeling for our clients. Data Processing and Analytic Services, l Advertising Services, IT Support Services, IT and Networking Vendors, Professional Service Firms, Office Support Services Companies that market and/or sell products or services to consumers and/or businesses; and service providers who support those companies Commercial Information Third-Party Data Sources; Service Providers Our internal purposes (identified above); conducting marketing campaigns on our clients’ behalf; reselling Personal Information; performing analytics and modeling for our clients. Data Processing and Analytic Services, Advertising Services, IT Support Services, IT and Networking Vendors, Professional Service Firms, Office Support Services, Account Servicing Vendors Companies that market and/or sell products or services to consumers and/or businesses; and service providers who support those companies Health Information Third-Party Data Sources; Service Providers Our internal purposes (identified above); conducting marketing campaigns on our clients’ behalf; reselling Personal Information; performing analytics and modeling for our clients. Data Processing and Analytic Services, Advertising Services, IT Support Services, IT and Networking Vendors, Professional Service Firms, Office Support Services Companies that market and/or sell products or services to consumers and/or businesses; and service providers who support those companies Inferences Drawn from Personal Information Internally Developed; Third Party Data Sources; Service Providers Our internal purposes (identified above); conducting marketing campaigns on our clients’ behalf; reselling Personal Information; performing analytics and modeling for our clients. Data Processing and Analytic Services, Advertising Services, IT Support Services, IT and Networking Vendors, Professional Service Firms, Office Support Services Companies that market and/or sell products or services to consumers and/or businesses; and service providers who support those companies SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR OUR CLIENTS When acting on behalf of our clients as a service provider, we may collect, use, and disclose information that personally identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with you (“Sensitive Personal Information”) for the purpose of servicing those clients. The specific categories of Sensitive Personal Information collected and how that Sensitive Personal Information is used or disclosed is determined by our clients and will vary, and may include: Personal Identifiers (e.g., name, birth year, mailing address, email address, phone number, record ID number); Financial Information (e.g., loan type & interest rate, mortgage amount, lender name, login information); Characteristics of Protected Classifications (e.g., gender, age, ethnic group, language spoken, religion, marital status, sexual orientation, political affiliation); Commercial Information (e.g., property location & characteristics, dwelling type, property value, vehicle make/model/year, move-in date, purchase date); Employment/Professional Information (e.g., occupation); Geolocation Data (e.g., latitude & longitude of residence); Content of Communications (e.g. mail, email, texts) Genetic Data Biometric Data (e.g. Voice recordings, keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data.) Inferences drawn from the above categories of Personal Information that relate to your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes (e.g., value scores, inferred credit scores, net worth models, interests, familial relationships, milestones such as engagement or pregnancy, purchase likelihood models). The Sensitive Personal Information collected, used, and disclosed on our clients’ behalf is governed by their privacy policies. When acting on behalf of a client, we supply that client with all information requested by them or consistent with their contract. This information is usually what is required to facilitate a specific transaction or donation but can vary depending on the client. If you request information about the Sensitive Personal Information we collect, use, and disclose on our clients’ behalf, we will direct you to contact the client(s). SECURITY We recognize the importance of safeguarding the confidentiality of Personal Information from loss, misuse, or alteration. Accordingly, we employ commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect such Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, and use. Even with these safeguards, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through our Site or Services, you do so at your own risk. OTHER WEBSITES Please be aware that third-party websites accessible through the Site or recommended through our Services may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. We are not responsible for any actions, content of websites, or privacy policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose Personal Information and any other information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if, in our discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate to respond to legal requests (including court orders, investigative demands and subpoenas), to protect the safety, property, or rights of ourselves, consumers, or any other third party, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with law. OTHER TRANSFERS We may share Personal Information and Usage Data with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with us. If we are merged, acquired or sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information and Usage Data in connection with such transaction. HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR DATA We retain your Personal Information for as long as we have a relationship with you. We also retain your Personal Information for a period of time after our relationship with you has ended where there is an ongoing business need to retain it. This includes retention to comply with our legal, regulatory, tax, and/or accounting obligations. Generally, we retain Personal Information for approximately thirteen (13) months after our relationship with you has ended, but the term for which we retain your Personal Information may be longer or shorter. We do so in accordance with our data retention policies and applicable law. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY The Site and Services are not intended for children under the age of 16 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 16, we will delete such information from our records. ADDITIONAL CALIFORNIA CONSUMER RIGHTS If you are a resident of California, you have additional rights to access and control your Personal Information, including a right to request that we disclose the Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Exemptions may apply. Right to Know You have the right to request twice per 12-month period that we provide you (i) the categories or specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which your Personal Information was collected; (iii) the business or commercial purpose for which we collected your Personal Information; (iv) the categories of Third Parties with whom we shared your Personal Information; and (v) the categories of Third Parties to whom we sold your Personal Information. We are not permitted to provide access to specific pieces of Personal Information if the Personal Information is sensitive or creates a high risk of potential harm from disclosure to an unauthorized person such as financial information, social security numbers, and driver’s license numbers. To request access to your Personal Information and the information listed above, you may submit a request through our Right to Know (Access) request page or by calling us at 1-844-201-3013. This page has more information about how you can verify your identity or designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. Right to Deletion You have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information we have collected about you. Please understand that we are not required to honor a deletion request if a legal exemption applies in instances where the information is needed to prevent security incidents or fraud, enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations, or comply with legal obligations (e.g., a subpoena). To request deletion of your Personal Information from our servers, you may submit a request through our Right to Deletion request page or by calling us at 1-844-201-3013.  This page has more information about how you can verify your identity or designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. We will notify our third parties of your request and ask that they delete your personal information as well. Right to Opt-Out from the Sale of Personal Information You have the right to direct us not to sell your Personal Information to Third Parties. You may exercise your Right to Opt-Out by submitting a request via our “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” request page or by calling us at 1-844-201-3013.  This page has more information about how you can verify your identity or designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. Right to Correct You have the right to request a correction to your inaccurate personal information. You may exercise your Right to Correct by submitting a request via our “Right to Correct request page” or by calling us at (844) 201-3013 . This page has more information about how you can verify your identity or designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. Right of Restriction You have the right to request that we limit the use of your sensitive personal information. You may exercise your Right of Restriction by submitting a Do Not Sell request via our “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” request page or by calling us at (844) 201-3013 . This page has more information about how you can verify your identity or designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. Right Against Automated Decision-Making We do not utilize automated decision-making. Authorized Agent If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of a California resident, you must provide a copy of a lawful power of attorney or a written signed authorization from the consumer along with proof of your identity. You may provide this documentation via email to consumer@n-focus.com after submitting the request. We may contact you and the consumer on whose behalf you claim to act to verify your identity, the consumer’s identity, and your authorization to act on the consumer’s behalf. Non-Discrimination Notice We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their privacy rights under law or this Privacy Policy. Financial Incentive Notice We do not offer financial incentives, price differences, or service differences related to the collection, retention or sale of personal information. California “Do Not Track” Disclosure Do Not Track is a web browser privacy preference that causes the web browser to broadcast a signal to websites requesting that a user’s activity not be tracked.  At this time, our Site and Services do not respond to “do not track” signals. CCPA REQUEST REPORT In 2021, we received and processed a number of requests from consumers to access or delete their Personal Information or to opt-out of the sale of their Personal Information as more fully described below: Right to Know Requests Requests received: 32 Requests fulfilled (in whole or in part): 20. In three cases, requestors did not respond with additional info needed to do Specific Pieces, so requests were all filled as Categories. Requests denied: 9. In all cases the requests were denied because the address could not be verified. Median number of days before we substantively responded: 17 Deletion Requests Requests received: 35 Requests fulfilled (in whole or in part): 22 Requests denied: 13. In all cases the requests were denied because the address could not be verified. Median number of days before we substantively responded: 3 Opt-Out of Sale Requests Requests received: 40 Requests fulfilled: 27 Requests denied: 13. In all cases the requests were denied because the address could not be verified. Median number of days before we substantively responded: 3 ADDITIONAL VIRGINIA CONSUMER RIGHTS If you are a resident of Virginia, you have additional rights to access and control your Personal Information, including a right to request that we disclose the Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Exemptions may apply. Right to Know You have the right to request twice per 12-month period that we provide you (i) the categories of Personal Information we collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which your Personal Information was collected; (iii) the business or commercial purpose for which we collected your Personal Information; (iv) the categories of Third Parties with whom we shared your Personal Information; and (v) the categories of Third Parties to whom we sold your Personal Information. To request access to your Personal Information and the information listed above, you may submit a request through our Right to Know (Access) request page or by calling us at 1-844-201-3013. This page has more information about how you can verify your identity or designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. Right to Deletion You have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information we have collected about you. Please understand that we are not required to honor a deletion request if a legal exemption applies such as if we need the information to complete a requested or reasonably anticipated transaction, prevent security incidents or fraud, enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations, or comply with legal obligations. To request deletion of your Personal Information and the information listed above, you may submit a request through our Right to Deletion request page or by calling us at 1-844-201-3013.  This page has more information about how you can verify your identity or designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. Right to Opt-Out from the Sale of Personal Information You have the right to direct us not to sell your Personal Information to Third Parties. You may exercise your Right to Opt-Out by submitting a request via our “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” request page or by calling us at (844) 201-3013 .  This page has more information about how you can verify your identity or designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. Right to Correct You have the right to request a correction to your inaccurate personal information. You may exercise your Right to Correct by submitting a request via our “Right to Correct request page” or by calling us at (844) 201-3013 . This page has more information about how you can verify your identity or designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. Right Against Automated Decision-Making We do not utilize automated decision-making. Authorized Agent If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of a Virginian resident, you must provide a copy of a lawful power of attorney or a written signed authorization from the consumer along with proof your identity. You may provide this documentation via email to consumer@n-focus.com after submitting the request. We may contact you and the consumer on whose behalf you claim to act to verify your identity, the consumer’s identity, and your authorization to act on the consumer’s behalf. Non-Discrimination Notice We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their privacy rights under law or this Privacy Policy. Financial Incentive Notice We do not offer financial incentives, price differences, or service differences related to the collection, retention or sale of personal information. Virginia “Do Not Track” Disclosure Do Not Track is a web browser privacy preference that causes the web browser to broadcast a signal to websites requesting that a user’s activity not be tracked.  At this time, our Site and Services do not respond to “do not track” signals. VCDPA REQUEST REPORT We currently do not have the data to update this report. Right to Know Requests Requests received: ___ Requests fulfilled (in whole or in part): ___ Requests denied: ___ Median number of days before we substantively responded: ___ Deletion Requests Requests received: ___ Requests fulfilled (in whole or in part): ___ Requests denied: ___ Median number of days before we substantively responded: ___ Opt-Out of Sale Requests Requests received: __ Requests fulfilled: ___ Requests denied: ___ Median number of days before we substantively responded: ___ CONTACT US If you have any questions about our Site, Services, or this Privacy Policy, please email us at consumer@n-focus.com , call us at 1-844-201-3013 or send us a letter to the following address: NFocus Consulting Inc. Attn: Privacy 1594 Hubbard Drive Lancaster, Ohio 43130 Let’s get started! Call us to get a quote on your custom list project (800) 675-5809 Or, use the form to request a call with an account advisor… Name Company Email Phone Tell Us About Your Project Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. NFocus 1594 Hubbard Dr Lancaster, OH 43130-8124 Toll Free (800) 675-5809 Phone (740) 654-5809 Fax (740) 654-0934 Contact Contact ListCounts Login • ResQue Login Privacy Policy • Site Map • Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information • Legal ©2023 NFocus Consulting Inc. • All rights reserved. Notifications