Resonate | Privacy Policy Data AI Data Engine Data Enrichment Direct Data Onboarding Data Append Explore Our Data Data Overview Recent Events Data Health & Wellness Data Financial Services Data Investments Data Banking Data ESG Data Geography Data Custom Data Activation Data Platform Managed Services Clients Brands Agencies Media & Entertainment Politics & Advocacy Insights Industry Research Recent Events & Covid Webinars Case Studies Blogs 🚨 Just Released: State of the Consumer 2023 About The Resonation Leadership Team News & Press Blog Careers Contact Us Menu Request Demo Login Data AI Data Engine Data Enrichment Direct Data Onboarding Data Append Explore Our Data Data Overview Recent Events Data Health & Wellness Data Financial Services Data Investments Data Banking Data ESG Data Geography Data Custom Data Activation Data Platform Managed Services Clients Brands Agencies Media & Entertainment Politics & Advocacy Insights Industry Research Recent Events & Covid Webinars Case Studies Blogs 🚨 Just Released: State of the Consumer 2023 About The Resonation Leadership Team News & Press Blog Careers Contact Us Menu Request Demo Login Privacy Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy was last updated: 1/13/2020. Resonate Networks (“Resonate”) is a marketing analytics software and digital advertising technology company. We provide business-to-consumer brand marketers a way to identify audiences of interest to them using our proprietary data and software, to learn more about those audiences, and to reach highly targeted audiences using our Resonate Elements TM data.  Our Resonate Elements TM data, technology, and methodology enable us to deliver advertising to the desired audience for our clients based upon proprietary research to understand many diverse characteristics describing US adult consumers. Resonate provides this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain our information collection, use and disclosure practices. OPERATING REGION Resonate is a United States based company headquartered in Reston, Virginia. We offer products and services for use in the United States only. Accordingly, our services are governed by applicable privacy and data security laws in the United States; please see the website terms of service or your contract with us for more information. RESONATE.COM WEBSITE PRIVACY PRACTICES This section describes our privacy practices for information we collect about you when you visit the https://www.resonate.com website (the “Website”). Collection: Resonate collects certain categories of information about you on the Website solely for its own sales and marketing purposes. This occurs when you submit it voluntarily such as when you request that a salesperson contact you or you download a white paper. When you request information from us, we may require certain contact information, such as your email address, so we can provide you that information. To gather additional leads, we also use third party provided web analytics tools that identify online and digital identifiers, such as  the Internet Protocol address, device identifier, a unique Resonate identifier, cookie identifier, and domain of a visitor to the Website and the pages viewed during the visit. As you use the Website, we also use cookies, small text files that attach to your browser, which we use to gather certain network activity information, such as browser type, pages viewed, and access times through your browser. Use: We will use the information we collect to: (i) provide you with customer support; (ii) market products and services we believe may be of interest to you; (iii) respond to your requests, resolve disputes, troubleshoot, or debug problems; (iv) perform internal research to improve the quality of the Website, (v) communicate with you about the Website. We may use the digital identifiers and other network information we collect for purposes including the following: (i) understand more about the audience of visitors that comes to our Website through analytics; (ii) improve our internal operations and the content of our Website and software such as by debugging or detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, (iii) to provide you, both on the Website and other websites, information about products and services we think will be of interest to you; (iv) customize the content and layout of our Website for you; and (v) deliver targeted advertisements to you on other websites. Disclosure: We may share the contact information and online and digital identifiers we collect about you: (i) to third party vendors and service providers who help us maintain the Website or otherwise assist us in the operation of our business; (ii) to third parties to whom you ask us to send the information; (iii) to a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us (collectively, “Affiliates”); (iv) to a company that merges with us, acquires us, or purchases our assets, in which case such company may continue to process information we collect as set forth in this Privacy Policy; (v) as part of a bankruptcy proceeding; or (vi) if we believe that such disclosure is necessary to: (a) resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our Terms of Service; (b) comply with relevant laws or to respond to requests from law enforcement, other government officials and legal process, and (c) protect and defend our rights or property or the rights and property of you or third parties. We may also share the online and digital identifiers we collect with advertising companies, advertising networks, analytics providers, social networks, and other third parties for their use in advertising and marketing, analytics, and their internal operations and research purposes to maintain and improve their services. Choice: If you do not want us to contact you using your contact information, please email your request to info@resonate.com . We will comply with your request with the understanding that the information will be suppressed from our active database, which helps ensure we do not contact you in the future using this data. We may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep certain information for a limited period of time, in which case we will comply with your request only after we have fulfilled such requirements. Interest-Based Advertising: We may work with third party advertising companies (“Ad Companies”) that gather information about your visits to the Website and elsewhere on the Internet, including in mobile apps on your devices. Ad Companies, on our behalf, may use this information to provide you with more relevant advertising, content, and for other ad-related purposes in this browser, and in browsers and devices associated with this browser.  This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising. You may visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”) website at www.aboutads.info/choices to learn more about this type of advertising, as well as opt-out of this form of advertising on your browser for those companies participating in DAA’s self-regulatory program. To make choices about this type of advertising in mobile apps on your device for companies participating in the DAA’s AppChoices tool you can download the appropriate AppChoices app at www.youradchoices.com/appchoices .  If you opt-out of this type of advertising via these tools, you will still see advertising on the Internet, but those ads may be less relevant to you.  Additionally, information will still be collected from your browser or device for purposes other than interest-based advertising.  If you use multiple browsers or devices, or delete or reset your cookies or identifiers, you will need to make your choices on those browsers or devices as well. Third Party Websites: The Website may contain links to websites operated by third parties whose privacy practices may differ from Resonate’s policies. Resonate cannot guarantee that the privacy practices of other websites will conform to our own. As a result, we encourage you to check the privacy policies of all websites that you visit. OUR RESONATE ELEMENTS DATA, TECHNOLOGY, PRODUCTS & SERVICES The section below describes our privacy practices for information we collect, acquire, and use in association with our marketing and advertising business, and the related Resonate Elements TM data, technology, and methodology that power our products and services. Resonate is a research company, a marketing analytics company, and a digital advertising technology company. As a result, our activities are split into research, marketing analytics, and advertising divisions. We provide more information regarding the collection, use and disclosures related to data, and in conjunction with our privacy practices, for each of these divisions below. COLLECTION AND USE (a) Research. Resonate performs research, often in conjunction with research partners, who assist us in engaging consumers and collecting information about the attitudes and values, brand preferences, preferred product attributes, demographics, and many other characteristics describing those individuals (“Research Members”), as well as the websites those Research Members visit online.  This research includes consumer surveys, to which we may associate online and digital identifiers as well as the reported survey responses that may regard Internet activity, purchasing behavior, and interests in certain products or topics.  For example, we may have an interest in understanding the views of the online population generally regarding the values that affect their purchasing of different products, or their stance on particular issues, such as climate change or healthcare reform and what a segment of this online population reads online. We may also work with partners to collect data from browsers or devices to help predict possible relationships among different browsers and devices to help us provide more relevant advertising across such devices and browsers. To assist us in this research and to better target advertisements, Resonate may receive a variety of information through partnerships with online and offline third-party data providers, such as retailers, analytics companies, consumer data providers, advertisers, through our technology on non-affiliated websites and mobile apps, and other third parties. This information we collect and receive includes online and digital identifiers such as cookies and a unique Resonate ID, commercial or transactional records or interests in certain products or services, Internet activity such as websites and mobile apps visited and used and the ads you interact with, and other information about linked to the information listed above such as interests we infer from that information. We may use this information in conjunction with the information and cookie or unique Resonate ID we associate with your browser or mobile device, to develop, support, perform, deliver, and improve our products and services, such as powering our marketing analytics and advertising discussed below. This information will also be used for other internal operations and research, legal compliance, auditing, and debugging or troubleshooting purposes. The research techniques that we or our research partners use in collecting information about Research Members are tailored based on our business needs, but in all cases where Resonate directly collects information from Research Members, we disclose what information we collect and how we may use this data. We use the research to predict characteristics of consumers in service to our marketing analytics software, and to predict the online ads that are most likely to be of interest to you and others as more fully described in the advertising section below. We do not use the information collected during the research phase to explicitly target Research Members with online advertising during the ad delivery phase described below. To the extent that an individual might be a Research Member and the recipient of an advertisement delivered by Resonate this would be coincidental. (b) Marketing Analytics. To perform marketing analytics, we use the information described in the Research section to help marketers further understand audiences of interest, so they may ultimately create more engaging content, provide more compelling offers, or highlight more relevant products. (c) Advertising. By analyzing the information described in the Research section, Resonate’s proprietary technology will predict the online ads that are most likely to be of interest to you. We deliver advertisements to: (i) the websites and mobile apps where consumers with the desired attitudes are most likely to visit or (ii) to a webpage or mobile app you are visiting or using if we believe you have the desired attitudes and attributes based on the information we have collected about you (as described below). In addition, we may ask our third party advertising partners to deliver an advertisement to you if they have associated you with a particular attribute (e.g., demographic or geographic information) or desired attitude. When we serve an advertisement, we, a service provider working on our behalf or one of our data partners, may set a cookie or collect other unique identifiers on your browser or device or request that you complete a survey. When you interact with that ad or survey, we or our partner collects the cookie or other unique identifier and/or survey responses about the attributes and/or attitudes associated with the advertisement and your interactions with it, including whether you have clicked the ad. In the event that we see your cookie somewhere on the Internet again at a later date, we use the cookie and the information associated to it to determine if we should deliver to you an advertisement that may be of interest to you. We do not collect your name or contact information in or related to our delivery of advertisements. We, and/or our data partners, also use the information associated with the cookie or collected through the survey to improve our services and to calculate and measure the effectiveness, reach and/or frequency of our advertising campaigns. Our data partners are required to use the information associated with these cookies or surveys in conformance with applicable law. We also use the information collected described in the Research section and Advertising section in order to audit our interactions with your browser or device; detect and protect against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, debugging and troubleshooting our services, performing our services such as accounting and analytics, internal research to improve our services, and other internal operations to maintain and improve our services. DISCLOSURE We currently disclose the information collected during the performance of our research activities described in the Research section and Advertising section in aggregated form to support our sales and marketing efforts with unaffiliated third parties. We may also disclose the  information collected as described above including online or digital identifiers, commercial or transactional records, Internet activity, and other information linked to the information listed above such as your inferred interests and your interactions with ads with advertising companies, advertising networks, analytics providers, social networks, customers, and other third parties for their use in advertising, marketing, analytics, and their internal operations to maintain and improve their services. . DATA RETENTION We retain the information collected through our Research, Marketing Analytics, and Advertising services for a period of up to 3 years. CHOICE If you do not wish for us to collect and use information collected across non-affiliated sites over time (i.e., Web Viewing Data and mobile application use data) or maintain information associated with your browser or device, and the browsers and devices we may associate with it, for the purpose interest-based advertising, or the targeting of advertisements based on the inferences we make from the information we collect, you may choose to opt-out by either clicking opt-out in the footer or by clicking here . In addition, you may opt out of collection and use of Web Viewing Data for advertising purposes from us, or by our data partners that participate in industry self-regulatory programs by opting out at https://www.aboutads.info/choices/ . Resonate adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles. You may also opt-out of our collection of data through applications you use via your mobile phone’s operating system settings. For some versions of Apple iOS, you may be able to limit “ad tracking” by opening Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad Tracking. For some versions of Google Android, you may be able to opt out of interest-based ads by opening your Google Settings app > Ads > Enable “Opt out of interest-based advertising.” Choice is device specific. You will need to repeat this process for the other browsers or devices you may use. Please note, however, that opting out will not prevent us or others from delivering advertising to you. This advertising, however, may not be as relevant to you. Opting out will prevent us from identifying you as a user to whom we have previously delivered certain advertising. Additionally, after you exercise choice, we may continue to collect data for analytics, research, reporting and other similar purposes.  If you delete your cookies or otherwise reset your identifier you may need to make your choices again. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS This section contains disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and applies only to “personal information” that is subject to the CCPA, and as that term is defined in the CCPA.  Consumers with disabilities may access this notice by utilizing standard screen reading technologies to read this information. CALIFORNIA RIGHTS California residents have certain rights with respect to the personal information collected by businesses.  If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights regarding your personal information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations defined in the regulations: The right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal information, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal information, the categories of your personal information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal information; The right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you or maintain about you. The right to opt out of our sale of your personal information. Please note that if you opt out of certain types of sales, we will be unable to provide you with the services that rely on such sales. The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the following information and submit the required verifying information, as further described below: By phone at (888) 237-9353 Online at https://www.resonate.com/submit-a-ccpa-consumer-request/ We may require additional information from you to verify your identity before responding to your request.  That verification process requires that you visit the online webform at the web address specified above and provide the requested information. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.  To do so you must identify your initial online webform entry as originating with a designated agent, at which time we will contact to further verify the validity of the request. We do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. THIRD PARTY OPT OUT OF SALE In order to specifically request Opt Out of Sale of your personal information, you can also either click the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link in the footer or click here . In addition, other businesses collect information when you interact with their digital properties, including IP addresses, digital identifiers, information about your web browsing, and how you interact with their properties and ads, and may sell that information to other businesses for advertising and other purposes.  By visiting https://www.privacyrights.info or https://optout.privacyrights.info , you can opt out from sales of this type of personal information by businesses that participate in the DAA CCPA Opt Out tool program. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT, DISCLOSE, AND SELL. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED We collect the categories of personal information about California consumers identified below: Unique online identifiers that identify a unique browser or device Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (such as gender) Commercial or transactions information (such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered) Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement) Geolocation information Inference data drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics or preferences Other information that is linked to the personal information above. DISCLOSURE & SALE – RESEARCH, MARKETING ANALYTICS, AND ADVERTISING As further set forth below, in the past 12 months, we have collected, disclosed, and sold California consumers’ personal information to third parties for business or commercial purposes as identified in the list below. As part of our commercial marketing analytics and advertising products and services, in the past 12 months, we have collected online identifiers (such as device identifiers, cookie IDs, and geolocation information), demographic information (such as gender), transaction information (such as products you may have considered purchasing), Internet activity (such as websites you visited and advertisements you have seen), inferences about your interests and preferences, and other information we may link to this information (such as responses to survey questions you agreed to answer for us). We collected this information from a variety of sources, such as consumers, our clients, web browsers and mobile apps, service providers, advertising networks, and other consumer data resellers. We used this information for various commercial and business purposes, including: Advertising and marketing analytics products and services; Audience measurement User authentication and identity resolution Auditing related to our interactions with you; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to maintain and improve our products and services; and Other one-time uses. We disclosed the categories of information discussed above with certain categories of third parties, such as advertising networks, advertising agencies and marketing companies, social networks, analytics providers, service providers, and consumer data resellers.  Additionally, we may sell some of this personal information to our clients and partners, including advertising networks, advertising agencies and marketing companies, social networks, analytics providers, consumer data resellers, and clients in various industries, such as: apparel & accessory, automotive, business services agencies, telecommunication services, consumer packaged goods, health & wellness services, educational institutions, electronics & technology, financial services, food & beverage, gift products, lifestyle & interest products, media & entertainment, publishing, travel & hospitality, government, politics and advocacy, and other similar organizations. DISCLOSURE & SALE – CORPORATE WEBSITE As part of our corporate website functions, in the past 12 months, we collected personal contact information (such as name or email address), digital identifiers (such as device identifier, cookie ID, and IP address), and your Internet activity (such as what pages are visited on our website), and other information we may link to this information.  We collected this information from consumers and their web browsers when consumers provided it to ask questions or otherwise contact us, or when entities requested services from us.  We use the contact information we collect through our website to contact consumers to respond to questions, troubleshoot issues, resolve disputes, legal compliance, internal research and operations, and to improve our website, contact about employment applications and opportunities or recruitment, and to market products and services to you. We may use the digital identifiers, Internet activity, and other information linked to that information for the following purposes: Advertising and marketing products to you; Analytics and measurement services; Auditing related to our interactions with you; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to maintain and improve our services; and Other one-time uses. We may disclose the contact information we collect to our service providers, government agencies if required by law to do so, or third parties you instruct us to share it with.  We may also disclose the digital identifiers, Internet activity, and other information linked to that information with service providers, advertising networks, marketing and advertising companies, social networks, and other third parties who aid us in the performance of our advertising and marketing services. INFORMATION SECURITY Resonate has implemented reasonable security measures to help protect information it collects in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure; as a result, while the company strives to use commercially reasonable standards to protect your information, we cannot guarantee absolute security. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy is subject to revision from time to time. We will post any revised version of the Privacy Policy on this page. Continued use of our Website or Services following notice of such changes will indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by such changes. CONTACT US If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by sending an email to: info@resonate.com or by mail to: Resonate Networks, Inc. Attn: Privacy Officer 11720 Plaza America Drive 3rd Floor Reston, VA 20190 Phone: 571.266.3200 Email: info@resonate.com Sales: 855.855.4320 Reston, Virginia (HQ) 11720 Plaza America Drive, 3rd Floor Reston, VA 20190 Map › Data AI Data Engine U.S. Consumer Study Cookieless Solutions Resonate Elements Data Recent Events Data Data Enrichment Health Data Custom Data Activation Data Platform Clients Brands Agencies Media & Entertainment Politics & Advocacy Insights Recent Events & Covid-19 Industry Research Webinars Case Studies Blog Resonation About Leadership Team News & Press Careers Contact Privacy Privacy Policy DAA Ad Choices DAA Opt Out Privacy Act (CCPA) Do Not Sell My Personal Information Submit a CCPA Consumer Request Resonate Managed Media Terms of Use Publisher Agreement Advertiser Agreement Ad Specs © 2023 - Resonate Scroll to top <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NBX8B5" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden" aria-hidden="true"></iframe> <link rel='stylesheet' id='poppins-css' href='//fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Poppins%3A100%2C100italic%2C200%2C200italic%2C300%2C300italic%2Cregular%2Citalic%2C500%2C500italic%2C600%2C600italic%2C700%2C700italic%2C800%2C800italic%2C900%2C900italic&#038;ver=1.4.2' type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='open-sans-css' href='https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans%3A300italic%2C400italic%2C600italic%2C300%2C400%2C600&#038;subset=latin%2Clatin-ext&#038;display=fallback&#038;ver=6.1.1' type='text/css' media='all'/>