<style>form.antibot * :not(.antibot-message) { display: none !important; }</style> Privacy policy | Mediaocean Our site uses cookies to improve your experience. Read privacy policy . Read cookies policy . Accept all cookies Accept necessary cookies only Cookie Preferences Skip to main content Skip to main content Search Company Company Diversity, equity, and inclusion Careers Newsroom Contact Platform Platform Ad Tech Flashtalking by Mediaocean Social (Scope/Flashtalking) Ad Infrastructure Buyer workflow (Prisma) Plans (Lumina) Media finance (Spectra & Ignitia) Costs & Estimates (Aura) Partner Network Resources Resources Events Articles Insights Reports Case studies Press coverage Contact Us Log in to Mediaocean Social ads (Scope) Buyer workflow (Prisma) Seller workflow (Prisma) Estimates and costs (Aura) Company Company Mediaocean powers the future of the advertising ecosystem. Diversity, equity, and inclusion Diversity of thought and experience makes us stronger. Careers Check out job openings and discover how we bring our passion to work every day. Newsroom Read official press releases and announcements. Contact We want to hear from you! Platform Platform The mission-critical platform for omnichannel advertising provides seamless orchestration across channels, formats, and devices. Ad Tech Ad serving, creative personalization, and activation across digital, social, and CTV Flashtalking by Mediaocean Social (Scope/Flashtalking) Ad Infrastructure Omnichannel planning, buying, and financial accounting at scale Buyer workflow (Prisma) Plans (Lumina) Media finance (Spectra & Ignitia) Estimates & Costs (Aura) Partner Network Direct, in-platform access to trusted providers across the media ecosystem Resources Resources Thought leadership, industry insights, reports and more covering all things omnichannel advertising Events Upcoming webinars and events as well as past recordings Articles Industry publications featuring bylines from Mediaocean leaders Insights Updates, blog posts, and other tidbits from our team Reports White papers and industry reports covering the latest trends Case studies Impactful results from clients leveraging our platform Press coverage Industry publications featuring Mediaocean and our leaders Support & education Contact us Privacy policy (Effective as of 1 January 2023) Mediaocean LLC (“Mediaocean” or “we”) recognize and respect your privacy rights with regard to Personal Information. This privacy policy explains how we will use Personal Information that we collect from you, or that you provide to us. For definitions, please see the bottom of this page.  Please note that any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email or other means. The date the privacy policy was last revised is shown at the top of this page. Regional variations This is our Privacy Policy for North America. If you are based in one of the following regions, please click to view the Privacy Policy that applies to you. France , Germany , Netherlands UK, Ireland, and other EU territories ( EMEA ) Australia, New Zealand and other Asia Pacific territories ( APAC ) Contents Information we collect about you Hosted systems How we use your information How we store and disclose your information Your rights under this policy Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies US State-specific notice How we keep your information secure Retention Third-party links and services Children under the age of 16 Complaints Changes to this policy Definitions Contact us Information we collect about you We may collect and process the following information about you: Your name, your email address, business contact details, and your business title and role; Your training profile, including details of courses you’ve attended and courses that you’re due to complete; Information that you provide by filling in forms on www.mediaocean.com (our website) or on Mediaocean Support; when you contact us, or when we contact you; If you contact us, we keep a record of that correspondence; if you call our Support team, we retain a recording of the phone call for a limited period for training purposes; and Results from surveys that we may ask you to complete for research purposes, although you don’t have to respond to them. We automatically collect the following information about you: Our company website, www.mediaocean.com , may place cookies essential to site operations, and with explicit consent may use tracking cookies, tags, or pixels to collect and share information about your visit with third parties.  Please see our Cookies policy for more information. Records of pages and features you’ve used within our Web applications (but not of the data you’ve entered into those applications) Details of your visits to our websites including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data and the resources that you access. We may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. We do not collect Sensitive Information about you. Hosted systems We also process Personal Information that has been collected by our clients in our hosted systems. Please take the time to review our privacy practices for these hosted systems. Click here for information on personal information in our Social ads capabilities and here for how we protect personal information in our ad infrastructure solutions.  Our privacy notice for Flashtalking is here . How we use your information We use your Personal Information in the following ways: To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us and notify you of any changes to these; To enhance or improve your experience on our website and/or with our products & services generally; To respond promptly and effectively to your support requests; To contact you where necessary or appropriate, for example if you have a query; To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us and notify you of any changes to these; To help us keep the information that we hold about you up-to-date; To carry out obligations arising from contracts entered into between the client company and us; To keep your information secure.  To minimize the risk of unauthorized access to your information, we may use some of your information to authenticate you when using our website or when you contact us by telephone. You won’t be able to use our online support services if you are not willing to provide this information. How we store and disclose your information Mediaocean uses cloud-based software solutions for customer relationship management, support and incident management, and marketing communications. Mediaocean shares your name and business contact details with these USA – based providers for the purpose of operating the websites, and the information is used strictly for the purposes described above. Mediaocean uses additional hosted or cloud-based software solutions in the USA to facilitate internal processes. Personal Information collected from users in the UK, EU, Australia, Canada and other territories will be transferred from time to time to the USA and the UK, and may be transferred to any other countries where Mediaocean group companies have offices (Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Netherlands, India, Malaysia, Singapore, UK, USA). Data transfer agreements (including the EU standard contractual clauses) have been put in place with other Mediaocean entities within the group to ensure protection of Personal Information in line with European data protection requirements. As a matter of routine business, we don’t disclose the Personal Information that we collect to Third Parties except to our contracted sub-processors as described above.  We may also disclose your Personal Information to Third Parties if we’re under a duty to disclose or share your Personal Information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety, or those of our customers or others with whom we are under a contractual obligation. Third Party data recipients with whom Personal Information may be shared for this reason include accountants, auditors and external legal counsels.   If we have to disclose on this basis, we will ensure that the Third Party is obliged (by law or contract) to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by our privacy policy and by applicable laws (unless the disclosure is legally required, such as tax reporting or responding to a judicial subpoena).  We will obtain your consent before disclosing Personal Information to a Third Party (other than disclosure to an agent or contractor processing the data solely on our behalf, or disclosure required by law). We retain your Personal Information in accordance with Mediaocean’s Data and Document Retention Policies.  These policies define retention rules based on the nature of the information and the purpose for which it is required.  We destroy or dispose of all Personal Information securely when it is no longer needed. Your rights under this policy You have the right to: Access the personal information we maintain about you. Delete the personal information we maintain about you. Correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you. Opt out of certain uses of your personal information. Email marketing: unsubscribe by clicking the link provided at the bottom of our emails. Targeted advertising: you can opt out through your browser, through your mobile device’s settings, through industry-wide opt outs, or through the cookie preferences banner on our website. We commit to you that we will not discriminate against you as a result of your choosing to exercise any of your rights under law. In addition to the above mechanisms, you can also exercise your rights by emailing us at datasecurity@mediaocean.com. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies Like many companies, we use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities, your interactions with websites, and to serve tailored ads. There are a number of ways to opt out of having your online activity and device data collected through these services, which we summarise below: Opting out of cookie use in our Cookie Preferences. You can You can use the Cookies widget in the bottom left hand corner to allow or disable non-essential cookies: Blocking Cookies In Your Browser. Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies, including cookies used for interest-based advertising. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. Using Privacy Plug-ins Or Browsers. You can block our websites from setting cookies used for interest-based ads by using a browser with privacy features, like Brave, or installing browser plugins like Privacy Badger, Ghostery or uBlock Origin, and configuring them to block third-party cookies/trackers. Advertising Industry Opt-Out Tools. You can also use these opt-out options to limit use of your information for interest-based advertising online or in apps by visiting http://optout.aboutads.info. With Each of Our Vendors Individually. The following advertising partners offer opt-out features that let you opt-out of use of your information for interest-based advertising: Analytics Cookies Google Analytics – Google Analytics Opt Out Advertising Cookies Marketo (Adobe) – Adobe Privacy Policy Trendemon – Trendemon Privacy Policy Please note that because these opt-out mechanisms are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised, you will need to opt out on every browser and device that you use. To learn more about our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, visit our Cookie Policy . US State-specific notice The California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act or “CPRA” (collectively, the “CCPA”) as well as the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”) create additional privacy obligations for businesses and provide Californians and Virginians with additional privacy rights. Additional Rights: In addition to the rights granted above, if you are a California or Virginia resident, you have the right to: Opt out of the “sale” or “share” of your personal information. We do not ‘sell’ or ‘share’ your personal information for monetary benefit. However, the use of some third party cookies placed on our website may be considered “selling” or “sharing” of personal data under California or Virginia law. For example, we may share information with our social media and other advertising partners, such as LinkedIn, in order to serve personalised ads and assess the effectiveness of our outreach campaigns.  You may opt out of such cookies as detailed in ‘Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies’ section (above). Opt out of targeted advertising. Some third party cookies on our website are used for targeted advertising purposes. You may opt out of such cookies as detailed in ‘Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies’ section (above). Sensitive personal information. Californians have the right to limit the use of their sensitive personal information; Virginians have the right to opt in to the use of their sensitive personal information. We do not collect sensitive personal information. In addition to the opt outs described in ‘Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies’ above, you can exercise these rights by emailing us at datasecurity@mediaocean.com. Service Provider/Processor Designation: Under the CCPA, Mediaocean operates as a Service Provider on behalf of our users; Under the VCDPA, Mediaocean operates as a Processor on behalf of our Customers. For more information about the information we collect about California residents, please see the table below. Category of data Data types collected by Mediaocean Purpose Retention Sold? Shared? Third party categories Identifiers User business contact details For business purposes For duration of agreement between Mediaocean & customer NO NO Data center / hosting providers; SaaS service providers Weblogs YES YES For our Scope social ads only: personal and online identifiers provided by consumers, service providers and resellers For providing and securing marketing and advertising services For duration of agreement between Mediaocean & customer YES YES Service providers; Advertising networks; Social networks; Advertising/marketing companies; Brands and advertisers; Companies we provide advertising services to Cookies and other tracking technologies Our first party cookies For business purposes For duration of agreement between Mediaocean & customer NO NO Service providers Third party cookies As defined in our partners’ privacy policies (see links above) – up to 5 years NO YES/NO Service providers; Advertising networks; Advertising/marketing companies Commercial information Training records and profiles For business purposes For duration of agreement between Mediaocean & customer NO NO SaaS service providers For our Scope social ads only: commercial information e.g. products or services purchased For providing and securing marketing and advertising services For duration of agreement between Mediaocean & customer YES YES Advertising/marketing companies; Advertising networks; Brands and advertisers; Companies we provide advertising services to Internet / electronic activity Logs of actions taken within systems; Email correspondence and chat logs; Issue tickets; Web forms and surveys For business purposes For duration of agreement between Mediaocean & customer NO NO Data center / hosting providers; SaaS service providers Audio / video data Recordings of phone calls to Support For business purposes For duration of agreement between Mediaocean & customer NO NO SaaS service providers Our clients’ professional, employment or education related data For our Scope social ads only: demographic information for ad targeting For providing and securing marketing and advertising services For duration of agreement between Mediaocean & customer YES YES Advertising/marketing companies; Advertising networks; Brands and advertisers; Companies we provide advertising services to Inferences from the foregoing For our Scope social ads only: demographic information for ad targeting For providing and securing marketing and advertising services For duration of agreement between Mediaocean & customer YES YES Advertising/marketing companies; Advertising networks; Brands and advertisers; Companies we provide advertising services to How we keep your information secure All information you provide to us is either stored on our secure servers at our data centre, or else in secure cloud solutions as described above. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website or to use Mediaocean applications, you’re responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we’ll do our best to protect your Personal Information, we can’t guarantee the security of your Personal Information transmitted to our website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we’ll use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. Logical access tools have been put in place to ensure that access to Personal Information is appropriately restricted. Administrative access to the information is restricted to authorized personnel. Physical and network security measures are in place to restrict access to the computing equipment. The security measures that we have in place to protect Personal Information are certified annually.  We also obtain security reports from our cloud service providers to ensure that they are adhering to the required standards. Retention We will retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, and for the duration of our contract with our client company.  If you send us an opt-out request, we will retain indefinitely only the information we need to respect your request (your email address and the fact you are not to be contacted).  We will retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data or the information you provided to us to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies. Third-party links and services Our website may contain links to third party websites. We do not control these websites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that you provide to those websites or that is collected by those websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of any third-party website that you visit before providing any information to the owner of that website. Children under the age of 16 Our websites and services are not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any Personal Information to or on the website. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this website or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at datasecurity@mediaocean.com. Complaints We will cooperate with the US Dept. of Commerce, the US Federal Trade Commission, the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada, relevant state or provincial agencies and law enforcement and judicial authorities in investigating any privacy complaints or suspected violations of privacy laws or Mediaocean’s privacy commitments, as well as in rectifying any noncompliant practices. Employees or contractors who violate the terms of these principles may be subject to disciplinary consequences up to and including termination of employment or termination or non-renewal of contract, in addition to any other legal measures that may be taken by Mediaocean, its clients, or the affected individuals and their representatives. Changes to this policy We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make material changes, we will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page with an “effective as of” date. We encourage you to look for updates and changes to this Privacy Policy by checking this page when you access our Services. Definitions The following terms are used in this privacy policy: Personal Information is any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier, regardless of the medium or format in which the information is stored. Sensitive Information consists of Special Categories of Personal Data as defined by the EU General Data Protection Regulation, that is,  information about racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, genetic or biometric data, health information, or sex life/orientation. A Third Party is an entity or person other than you, Mediaocean or its clients.  This includes providers of cloud-based software solutions and sub-processors. Contact Us We commit to resolve complaints about privacy and our collection or use of Personal Information. If you have inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy or the handling of your Personal Information, or would like to exercise your privacy rights, please contact us at: datasecurity@mediaocean.com +1 844 935 0889 Mediaocean LLC 120 Broadway New York, NY 10271 Sign up for our email list SUBSCRIBE Company DE&I Newsroom Careers Contact us Platform Ad Infrastructure Ad Tech Partner Network Resources Events Articles Insights Reports Case studies Press coverage Company Company DE&I Newsroom Careers Contact us Platform Platform Ad Infrastructure Ad Tech Partner Network Resources Resources Events Articles Insights Reports Case studies Press coverage Privacy policy Cookies policy Terms of use Do not sell my personal information ©2023 Mediaocean