Atlantic Fox Technologies, Inc. Privacy Notice - Atlantic Fox Technologies, Inc. Skip to content Call us today! 631-479-9788 | Toll Free: 888-895-1522 Home About Why Choose Us? Problem Solving Contact Us Home About Why Choose Us? Problem Solving Contact Us Atlantic Fox Technologies, Inc. Privacy Notice Atlantic Fox Technologies, Inc. Privacy Notice atlanticfox1 2022-12-14T22:25:21+00:00 User Privacy Notice Last Updated: November 22, 2022 Atlantic Fox Technologies, Inc. (“Atlantic Fox”) provides Software as a Service (“SaaS”) solutions (“Services”) to our clients who are seeking better understanding of and engagement with their customers and potential customers. Our core business involves application of technology solutions to help our clients manage and interpret their data, including Personal Information of our clients’ customers. We also provide our clients with the opportunity to combine their pre-existing data with data obtained from third-party sources. What Information Does this User Privacy Notice Cover? This User Privacy Notice covers Personal Information that Atlantic Fox collects about individuals who visit our website, use our Services, or otherwise engage with us directly through social media, email, telephone, and other methods of communication (“Users”). This User Privacy Notice does not cover Personal Information about individual consumers we process on behalf of our Clients within our SaaS Service offerings. For information about how we process Personal Information within our SaaS Service offerings, please click here. What is Personal Information? Personal Information is information about a specific person or household. This definition includes any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a specific person or household. Does Atlantic Fox Use Cookies or other Tracking Technologies? Yes. Atlantic Fox uses cookies and other similar tracking technologies (“Tracking Technologies”) in connection with operating our website and providing the Services. These Tracking Technologies are used to collect information about the devices being used to access our website and Services, to determine our Users’ interest in specific areas of our website and Services, to customize the presentation of our website and Services and other similar internal business purposes. We do not use Tracking Technologies to monitor User activities on other sites or for third party marketing purposes. What Personal Information Does Atlantic Fox Collect about Users? When a User visits our website, uses our Services, or engages with us through other online and offline methods, we may collect that User’s name, email, postal address, phone number, payment card information, and other information that User chooses to provide so that we may contact that User, respond to that User’s requests or perform the Services the User has requested. We also collect some information automatically when a User visits our website or uses our Services, including information about the specific device being used, including the device’s identifier (e.g., MAC address), IP address, operating system, and other similar information. We also collect information about use of our website and Services, including information about the pages visited, the time spent on our website or using the Services, the Services used, and other similar information. Specific categories of information we have collected regarding Users in the last twelve (12) months include: Category What is collected How it is Collected Identifiers Name, Company Name, Title, address, email address, telephone number, and other similar identifiers Directly from Users or automatically from our website or services Personal Information listed in the California Customer Records Statute Name, signature, address, telephone number Directly from Users Commercial information Records of services purchased, or considered Automatically from our website or Services Internet or other similar network activity Interaction with our website and online Services Automatically from our website or Services Geolocation data IP address Automatically from our website or Services How Does Atlantic Fox Use Information It Collects? We use Personal Information to operate our business. Examples of the ways we use User Personal Information include: to respond to requests, comments, and questions to provide the Services to understand User preferences and enhance and personalize Users’ experience to maintain User accounts to respond to and prevent fraud and other information security risks to maintain and improve the Services to conduct research and development to market existing and new Services to provide information about our Services to maintain legal and regulatory compliance as part of the sale of all or substantially all of our business Does Atlantic Fox Sell Personal Information about Users? No. We do not sell personal information about Users. Does Atlantic Fox Share Personal Information about Users? Yes. Atlantic Fox collects User Personal Information for its own business purposes only. Atlantic Fox only provides User Personal Information to Atlantic Fox service providers and vendors who have entered into a nondisclosure agreement or other agreement that protects the confidentiality of information provided and prohibits them from using User Personal Information except to provide services to Atlantic Fox and its Clients. Atlantic Fox uses service providers to provide some Atlantic Fox services. Atlantic Fox service providers receive information about Atlantic Fox Users solely for the purpose of providing products, services, and support to Atlantic Fox to allow Atlantic Fox to provide the Services and operate its business. Examples of Service Providers used by Atlantic Fox include cloud storage providers, website and application developers, marketing and advertising companies working on our behalf, and other similar entities that provide services to Atlantic Fox. Atlantic Fox provides data from third party vendors to its Clients for use as part of the Services. From time-to-time, Atlantic Fox may be required to disclose information about Users to these vendors for purposes relating to provision of the Services, including licensing, audits, and other similar activities. In the past twelve (12) months, Atlantic Fox has shared the following categories of Personal Information with its Service Providers or Vendors in all the categories that it collects information, including identifiers, personal information listed in the California records statute, commercial information, Internet or other network information, and geolocation data (described more fully above). What Policies Govern Third Party Applications? Our website and certain Services may include links to websites and applications maintained by third parties (“Third Party Applications”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to Third Party Applications, which are governed by the privacy policies and practices of the Third Party Application providers. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and practices of those third parties before providing any Personal Information to third parties or using Third Party Applications. How Does Atlantic Fox Protect User Personal Information? We take commercially reasonable steps to protect User Personal Information, which may include – depending on the nature of the information and how it is used – physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, intrusion detection systems, network monitoring, and other measures. However, we cannot guarantee User Personal Information is 100% secure (especially when provided to us over the Internet) and you should exercise caution in providing Personal Information to us. Can I Opt-Out of Receiving Promotional Emails and Other Communications? Yes. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations. You may also send requests to opt out by emailing privacy@atlanticfox.com . Do You Honor Privacy Rights Provided under U.S. State and Federal Law? Yes. It is Atlantic Fox’s policy to comply with all requirements of U.S. State and Federal law regarding the processing of User Personal Information, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act) (collectively, “CCPA”) and their implementing regulations, which Atlantic Fox voluntarily applies to all Users. Consistent with the requirements of the CCPA, Atlantic Fox recognizes Users’ rights to know and access specific Personal Information about them and to request deletion of specific Personal Information about them. Right to Know and Access to Specific Personal Information . You have the right to request that we disclose to you information about our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. In response to your verifiable request, we will disclose: The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you The categories of sources of Personal Information we have collected about you Our business or commercial purpose for collecting and sharing your Personal Information The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information The specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you If shared for a business purpose, the specific disclosures made for a business purpose made to a third party identifying the categories of information disclosed about you. Right to Request Deletion . You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information subject to certain exceptions. We may deny your request if retention of your information is necessary for any of the following reasons: To complete a transaction which you have requested, provide a service you have requested, or take other actions reasonably necessary in the context of our ongoing business relationship with you or pursuant to contract To detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity To correct errors or improve our Services; To comply with applicable law or legal obligation; or To perform internal activities that are reasonably related to the purposes for which the information was collected. Additional Rights . You may have additional rights under the law of your state of residence. If you have any questions regarding what specific rights are available to you, may email us at privacy@atlanticfox.com . Exercising Your Rights . To exercise your data privacy rights, you may submit a request to us using one of the following options: Please click on the following link so we can process your request By mail at Atlantic Fox Technologies, Inc., 1 Hewitt Square, Suite 108, East Northport, New York 11731 You may also have a third party make a request on your behalf. However, such third party must provide a written, signed authorization from you before making the request. Please note that we cannot respond to your request if we are unable to verify your identity or the authority of the person making the request. We may request information from your or the person making the request to verify the request. The type of information we may request will depend on the method by which you engage with us. For example, if you have a User account with us, we may send you a confirmation request by email. If you do not have a User account with us, we may request additional information from you to reasonably verify your identity. Time to Respond . We will respond to a verifiable data subject request within forty-five (45) days of receipt. If we require additional time [up to ninety (90) days], we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will typically respond to your request by the email address we have on file for you unless you specifically request that we use another method. If we are unable to honor your request, we will explain the reasons why we are unable to comply. Fees . We do not charge a fee to process a request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or unfounded. If we decide that a fee is required, we will notify you and provide you a fee estimate before completing your request. Non-Discrimination . We will not discriminate against you for exercising your data privacy rights. Do You Honor Privacy Rights Provided under Non-U.S. Laws? No. Atlantic Fox is a U.S.-based entity and maintains its data on servers located in the United States. Atlantic Fox also does not engage in any processing activity outside the United States. Does Atlantic Fox Collect Information about Individuals Under the Age of 18? No. Atlantic Fox’s website and Services are intended for Users who are at least eighteen (18) years old. We do not knowingly collect information regarding Users who are under the age of eighteen (18). If we become aware that we are in possession of information of a user who is under the age of eighteen (18), we will delete that information promptly. Will this Privacy Notice Change? We may change this Notice from time to time. If we make any changes to this Notice, we will change the Last Updated date above. If such changes are material in nature, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to the main website page or sending you an email notification). How to Contact Atlantic Fox If you have any questions about this Notice or other privacy-related issues, please contact us at: Email: privacy@atlanticfox.com Physical: Atlantic Fox Technologies, Inc., 1 Hewitt Square Suite 108 East Northport, New York 11731 Consumer Privacy Notice Last Updated: November 22, 2022 Atlantic Fox Technologies, Inc. (“Atlantic Fox”) provides Software as a Service (“SaaS”) solutions (“Services”) to our clients who are seeking better understanding of and engagement with their customers and potential customers. Our core business involves application of technology solutions to help our clients manage and interpret their data, including Personal Information of their customers. We also provide our clients with the opportunity to combine their pre-existing data with data obtained from third-party sources. What Information Does this Consumer Privacy Notice Cover? This Consumer Privacy Notice covers Personal Information about Consumers that Atlantic Fox collects and processes on behalf of its clients. This Consumer Privacy Notice does not cover Personal Information we collect about individuals who visit our website, use our Services, or otherwise engage with us directly through social media, email, telephone, and other methods of communication (“Users”). For information about our privacy practices concerning Personal Information of our Users, please click here. What is Personal Information? Personal Information is information about a specific person or household. This definition includes any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a specific person or household. What Personal Information Does Atlantic Fox Process on Behalf of its Clients? We process two main categories of Personal Information on behalf of our Clients. The first category is Personal Information that our Clients provide to us. The second category is Personal Information we obtain from third parties for our Clients’ use. What Atlantic Fox Privacy Practices Apply to Information Our Clients Provide to Us? We act as a “Service Provider” with respect to Personal Information that our Clients provide to Atlantic Fox (“Client Personal Information”). Our Clients act as the data “Controller” with respect to this Personal Information, because they determine the method, means, and purpose of processing the data. Our Clients’ privacy practices control how this Client Personal Information is processed. We are required by contract to comply with our Clients’ privacy practices concerning Client Personal Information. What Atlantic Fox Privacy Practices Apply to Information Obtained from Third Parties? In the case of Personal Information of Consumers we obtain from Third Parties for use by our clients (“Third Party Consumer Personal Information”), this Privacy Notice controls our processing of that Third Party Consumer Personal Information. What Categories of Third Party Consumer Personal Information Does Atlantic Fox Collect? Specific categories of information we have collected from Third Parties regarding Consumers in the last twelve (12) months include: Categories Examples Identifiers Name, physical address, email address, telephone number Personal Information Listed in the California Consumer Records Statute Name, physical address, email address, telephone number Legally protected characteristics Ethnicity, gender Commercial information Purchasing interests Education information Level of education Inferences Probabilistic modeling based on consumer interests Does Atlantic Fox Use Cookies or other Tracking Technologies in Connection with Processing of Third Party Consumer Personal Information? No. We only receive Third Party Consumer Personal information directly from Third Parties. How Does Atlantic Fox Use Third Party Consumer Personal Information? Atlantic Fox processes Third Party Consumer Personal Information solely according to our Clients’ instructions. Our Clients use Third Party Consumer Personal Information in our SaaS Services for their own business purposes, which are controlled by their privacy practices. Does Atlantic Fox Sell Third Party Consumer Personal Information? Yes. We sell Third Party Consumer Personal information to our Clients for use in our SaaS Services. Does Atlantic Fox Share Third Party Consumer Personal Information? Yes. Atlantic Fox provides Third Party Consumer Personal Information to Atlantic Fox service providers who have entered into a nondisclosure agreement or other agreement that protects the confidentiality of information provided and prohibits them from using Third Party Consumer Personal Information except to provide services to Atlantic Fox and its Clients. Examples of Service Providers used by Atlantic Fox include cloud storage providers, website and application developers, marketing and advertising companies working on our behalf, and other similar entities that provide services to Atlantic Fox. In the past twelve (12) months, Atlantic Fox has shared the following categories of Personal Information with its Service Providers including identifiers, personal information listed in the California records statute, legally protected characteristics, commercial information, education information, and inferences (as described more fully above). How Does Atlantic Fox Protect Third Party Consumer Personal Information? We take commercially reasonable steps to protect Third Party Consumer Personal Information, which may include – depending on the nature of the information and how it is used – physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, intrusion detection systems, network monitoring, and other measures. Does Atlantic Fox Use Third Party Consumer Information to Send Promotional and Marketing Communications? Atlantic Fox does not use Third Party Consumer Personal Information to send marketing communications on its own behalf. To opt-out of the use of Third Party Consumer Personal Information by our clients, you must contact our clients directly. Do You Honor Privacy Rights Provided under U.S. State and Federal Law? Yes. It is Atlantic Fox’s policy to comply with all requirements of U.S. State and Federal law regarding the processing of Third Party Client Personal Information, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act) (collectively, “CCPA”) and their implementing regulations, which Atlantic Fox voluntarily applies to all Third Party Consumer Personal Information. Consistent with the requirements of the CCPA, Atlantic Fox recognizes Consumers’ rights to know and access specific Personal Information about them and to request deletion of specific Personal Information about them. Right to Know and Access to Specific Personal Information . You have the right to request that we disclose to you information about our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. In response to your verifiable request, we will disclose: The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you The categories of sources of Personal Information we have collected about you Our business or commercial purpose for collecting and sharing your Personal Information The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information The specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you If shared for a business purpose, the specific disclosures made for a business purpose made to a third party identifying the categories of information disclosed about you. Right to Request Deletion . You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information subject to certain exceptions. We may deny your request if retention of your information is necessary for any of the following reasons: To complete a transaction which you have requested, provide a service you have requested, or take other actions reasonably necessary in the context of our ongoing business relationship with you or pursuant to contract To detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity To correct errors or improve our Services; To comply with applicable law or legal obligation; or To perform internal activities that are reasonably related to the purposes for which the information was collected. Additional Rights . You may have additional rights under the law of your state of residence. If you have any questions regarding what specific rights are available to you, may email us at privacy@atlanticfox.com . Exercising Your Rights . To exercise your data privacy rights, you may submit a request to us using one of the following options: By email at privacy@atlanticfox.com By mail at Atlantic Fox Technologies, Inc., 1 Hewitt Square, Suite 108, East Northport, New York 11731 You may also have a third party make a request on your behalf. However, such third party must provide a written, signed authorization from you before making the request. Please note that we cannot respond to your request if we are unable to verify your identity or the authority of the person making the request. Because Third Party Consumers do not have accounts with us, we may request information from your or the person making the request to verify the request. For example, we may ask you to confirm certain elements of your Personal Information that likely would be known only to you. Time to Respond . We will respond to a verifiable data subject request within forty-five (45) days of receipt. If we require additional time [up to ninety (90) days], we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will typically respond to your request by email unless you specifically request that we use another method. If we are unable to honor your request, we will explain the reasons why we are unable to comply. Fees . We do not charge a fee to process a request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or unfounded. If we decide that a fee is required, we will notify you and provide you a fee estimate before completing your request. Non-Discrimination . We will not discriminate against you for exercising your data privacy rights. Do You Honor Privacy Rights Provided under Non-U.S. Laws? No. Atlantic Fox is a U.S.-based entity and maintains its data on servers located in the United States. Atlantic Fox also does not engage in any processing activity outside the United States. Does Atlantic Fox Collect Information about Individuals Under the Age of 18? No. We do not knowingly collect information regarding users who are under the age of eighteen (18). If we become aware that we are in possession of information of a user who is under the age of eighteen (18), we will delete that information promptly. Will this Privacy Notice Change? We may change this Notice from time to time. If we make any changes to this Notice, we will change the Last Updated date above. If such changes are material in nature, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to the main website page or sending you an email notification). How to Contact Atlantic Fox If you have any questions about this Notice or other privacy-related issues, please contact us at: Email: privacy@atlanticfox.com Physical: Atlantic Fox Technologies, Inc., 1 Hewitt Square Suite 108 East Northport, New York 11731 © Copyright 2023 Atlantic Fox Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved. No part of Atlantic Fox’s Web site may be reproduced, modified, or distributed in any form or manner without the prior written permission of Atlantic Fox Technologies, Inc. Atlantic Fox Technologies, Inc. 1 Hewitt Square, Suite 108, East Northport, NY 11731 Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Do not sell my personal information Page load link Cookie Information A cookie is a small piece of data that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first party cookies. We also use third party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts. Accept All Cookies Cookie Settings Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ... Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT Go to Top