Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and Disclaimer | Edvisors Skip Navigation Compare Lenders Compare Lenders Best Private Student Loans in March 2023 Student Loan Comparison: Federal Loans vs Private Loans Parent PLUS Loans vs Private Student Loans How Does Interest on Student Loans Work? Private Student Loan Cosigner: Everything you Need to Know View All Articles > This is an advertisement. Compare Lenders Best Student Loan Refinance Companies for March 2023 Federal Student Loan Repayment Plans Student Loan Forgiveness: How to Get Student Loans Forgiven Repayment Plans for Private Student Loans Parent PLUS Loan Forgiveness View All Articles > This is an advertisement. Private Student Loans Refinance Student Loans Plan for College Best Job Search Sites Resumes That Get Noticed High Paying Careers STEM Careers View All Articles > This is an advertisement. Measuring Academic Fit: Reach, Match and Safety Schools Need-Blind Admissions How Long is a College Essay When are College Applications Due How to Write a Good College Essay View All Articles > This is an advertisement. Filing the FAFSA 2023-24: A Simple Guide for Students FAFSA Deadlines for 2023-2024 FAFSA FAQ - Your FAFSA Questions Answered View All Articles > This is an advertisement. Most Popular Scholarships for College Students in 2023 Apply for Free Scholarships for College College Scholarships for Kids Most Prestigious Undergraduate Scholarships Las mejores becas para estudiantes hispanos y latinos View All Articles > This is an advertisement. How to Pay for College Tuition Payment Plans Pros and Cons: Borrowing From My 401K to Pay for College Paying College Tuition with a Credit Card Best Ways to Pay for College Without Financial Aid View All Articles > This is an advertisement. Financial Aid Disbursement: When and How You Will Get It Should I Pay Off My Student Loans Right Now How to Minimize Student Loan Debt View All Articles > This is an advertisement. Careers College Admissions FAFSA Scholarships Paying for College Student LIFE Blog Student Loans Filing the FAFSA 2023-24: A Simple Guide for Students FAFSA FAQ - Your FAFSA Questions Answered FAFSA Deadlines for 2023-2024 FAFSA School Codes FAFSA 2023-2024 Guide & Resources View All Articles > This is an advertisement. Best Private Student Loans in March 2023 Student Loan Comparison: Federal Loans vs Private Loans Parent PLUS Loans vs Private Student Loans How Does Interest on Student Loans Work? Private Student Loan Cosigner: Everything you Need to Know View All Articles > This is an advertisement. Filing the FAFSA 2023-24: A Simple Guide for Students FAFSA FAQ - Your FAFSA Questions Answered The complete guide to federal undergraduate student loans What are Federal Parent PLUS Loans and How to Apply? Financial Aid for Graduate School Compare Subsidized and Unsubsidized Student Loans View All Articles > This is an advertisement. Best Student Loan Refinance Companies for March 2023 Federal Student Loan Repayment Plans Student Loan Forgiveness: How to Get Student Loans Forgiven Repayment Plans for Private Student Loans Should You Refinance Federal Student Loans? Parent PLUS Loan Forgiveness View All Articles > Sallie Mae Student Loan Review College Ave Student Loan Review SoFi Student Loan Review Ascent Student Loan Review View All Articles > This is an advertisement. FAFSA Private Student Loans Federal Student Loans Repay Student Loans Lender Reviews Credit Cards Petal® 2 Visa® Credit Card Review SoFi Credit Card Review This is an advertisement. Best Credit Cards for 2023 Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best 0% Introductory APR Credit Cards Best Secured Credit Cards for 2023 Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards This is an advertisement. How to Build Credit? What Age Can You Get a Credit Card? What is a Secured Credit Card? What is an Unsecured Credit Card? This is an advertisement. Card Reviews Best Credit Cards Credit Card FAQs Money Management Best Budgeting Apps Budgeting Tips Budgeting for Beginners This is an advertisement. Financial Goals How to Save Money as a College Student What is an Emergency Fund This is an advertisement. How to Pay Off Debt Debt Relief What is a Debt Management Plan This is an advertisement. How to Check Your Credit Score Best Credit Building Apps What is Credit? Sponsored Ad Investing for Beginners Best Investment Apps Understanding the Stock Market This is an advertisement. What is Risk Management How to Prevent Identity Theft What is Insurance Sponsored Ad Budgeting Saving Debt Management Credit Investing Risk Management Get My Free Student Loan Handbook Search Box Form Search Edvisors Advertisement Disclosure Advertisement Disclosure × Edvisors (“Edvisors Network, Inc.”) provides independent advertising-supported platforms for consumers to search compare and apply for private student loans. Loan offers from participating lenders that appear on our websites are not affiliated with any college and/or universities, and there are no colleges and/or universities which endorse Edvisors’ products or services. Lender search results do not constitute an official college preferred lender list. Edvisors receives compensation from lenders that appear on this site. This compensation may impact the placement of where lenders appear on this site, for example, the order in which the lenders appear when included in a list. Not all lenders participate in our sites and lenders that do participate may not offer loans to every school. Edvisors is not a lender and makes no representations or warranties about your eligibility for a particular loan or financial aid. Lenders are solely responsible for any and all credit decisions, loan approval and rates, terms and other costs of the loan offered and may vary based upon the lender you select. Please check with your school or lender directly for information related to your personal eligibility. Edvisors has endeavored to provide accurate information. However, the results provided by lenders are for illustrative purposes only and accuracy is not guaranteed, as such, Edvisors assumes no responsibility for errors or omission in the information provided. × Get Your Free Guide to Filing the FAFSA Today! Thank you for your interest in Edvisors' 2020-2021 Guide to Filing the FAFSA. Please complete the form below to access your free copy. Thank you! Click here to download your free FAFSA Guide . I am a: Parent Student School Administrator By clicking "Get My FAFSA Guide" I have read and agree to the Edvisors' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . We strongly encourage you to read our Privacy Policy to understand how we use and share your information. Get My FAFSA Guide × College knowledge starts here! Enter your email below to receive your Student Loan Handbook from Edvisors. Please check your email for the Student Loan Handbook. By clicking "Get My Student Loan Handbook" I agree to the Edvisors Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . We strongly encourage you to read our privacy policy to understand how we use and share your information. Get My Student Loan Handbook After Navigation Home Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Disclaimer Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Disclaimer Terms of Use Last Modified: September 9, 2022 Contents Accepting Edvisors' Terms of Use Privacy Policy Changes to Edvisors' Terms of Use and Other Services Third-Party Links and Content User Submissions and User Responsibilities Digital Millennium Copyright Act Children's Online Privacy Protection Notice Proprietary Rights to Content Eligibility for Registered Services Registration and Visitation Obligations Registered Services Password and Account Access Registered-User and Website Visitor Conduct Liability for Technical Disruptions to Our Website(s) Disclaimer of Warranties Limitation of Liability Indemnification Use and Storage Trademark Information Arbitration Compliance with FTC Guidelines on Endorsements/Testimonials Jurisdiction Entire Agreement Assignment Invalidity; Waiver Termination Definitions User Suggestions Questions/Comments 1. Accepting Edvisors’ Terms of Use Edvisors Network, Inc. (“Edvisors,” “ENI,” “we,” “us,” “our”), a Massachusetts corporation, operates several websites, including but not limited to the following: Edvisors.com ScholarshipPoints.com PrivateStudentLoans.com HowToGetIn.com RewardFish.com StudentLoanConsolidator.com FinancialAidForum.com CollegeToolkit.com StudentScholarshipSearch.com Edvisors provides its services to you through its Websites (“Website”), mobile applications and related services, including, but not limited to, the RewardFish® program (collectively, “Services”), subject to the following Terms of Use. By accessing this Website, mobile application or using the Services, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to any of the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use, please do not use the Services and exit the website now. You may be required to register with Edvisors in order to access and use certain Services or features (“Registered Services”). If you choose to register, you must meet the eligibility requirements of the website and your choice to register for such Registered Services indicates your acceptance of these Terms of Use. 2. Privacy Policy As a condition for using the Service(s), you agree that you have read, understood and accept Edvisors’ Privacy Policy , which may be updated from time to time. After notice of a change to the privacy policy, continued use of the website(s) will be deemed acceptance of the policy. 3. Changes to Edvisors’ Terms of Use and Our Services We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time and in our sole discretion without prior notice. Furthermore, we reserve the right to add to, update, delete from or modify the Services at any time and in our sole discretion. We may post or display notices of changes to the Term of Use on or through the Services. Once posted, these changes to the Terms of Use become effective immediately. If any change that we make is not acceptable to you, your sole recourse shall be to cease using the Services. Any access or use by you of the Services after any changes to our Terms of Use constitutes conclusive evidence of your acknowledgement of the modification to these Terms of Use and your agreement to be bound by such change(s). You should check back regularly and review these Terms of Use. Any new or additional feature of the Services shall be subject to these Terms of Use. 4. Third-Party Links and Content Edvisors does not exercise editorial control over third-party content provided, uploaded, published, or distributed by users and other participants on Edvisors websites. In other words, the Edvisors website(s) is/are merely a distributor, not a publisher, of such content. Such content may contain the views, opinions, statements, offers, and other material of the respective users, suppliers, participants, or authors. Edvisors does not endorse, is not responsible for, and makes no representations or warranties regarding, such content or its accuracy, supplier ability or fitness for any particular purpose, and Edvisors shall not be liable for any harm resulting from or in connection with reliance on any such content, including, but not limited to, claims for defamation, libel, slander, infringement, invasion of privacy and publicity rights, obscenity, pornography, profanity, fraud, or misrepresentation. In addition, the Edvisors. shall not be a party to or liable in any way for any harm associated with, any transaction between our users and any other user or participant on the website(s). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Edvisors reserves the right to block or remove communications, postings or materials at any time in our sole discretion. The Services may contain links to third-party websites or applications that are not owned or controlled by Edvisors. Edvisors has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the products, services, content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party website or application. In addition, Edvisors is unable and unwilling to censor or edit the content of any third-party website or application. By accessing and using the Services, you expressly relieve Edvisors from any and all liability arising from your use of any linked third-party website or application. Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave our Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each website or application that you access or use. If you decide to access any other websites or applications linked to or from our Services, you do so entirely at your own risk. Any questions, complaints, or claims related to any product or service provided by a third-party on the Services should be directed to the applicable third-party. The Services display some content which is not Edvisors’. This content is the sole responsibility of the individual or entity that makes the content available. 5. User Submissions and User Responsibilities The Services may permit the submission of certain user-generated text, information, data, video, chats, audio, photographs, files, messages or other content to or through the Services (“User Submissions”) and the hosting, sharing, transmission and/or publishing (“posting”) of such User Submissions. User Submissions may be used, distributed and published by Edvisors and viewed by both general users and Members of the Services. You understand that Edvisors does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any User Submissions. Edvisors encourages you to carefully choose the information you submit, post, or provide to others using the Services or Services features (including, but not limited to, comments, blogs, video chat sessions, mobile application, Promotions entries, or Contest entries). Edvisors does not endorse any User Submission or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein. Any conversations or information you have or share with others using features that are available on the Services and any User Submissions may be accessible and viewable by all other users or by other Members of the Services. Edvisors reserves the right, but undertakes no duty, to remove, edit, or reject any User Submissions at any time, in its sole discretion, for any reason or no reason, including User Submissions that in the sole judgment of Edvisors violate these Terms of Use, or which might be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of users or others. Even after a User Submission is removed from the Services, whether such removal or deletion is by you or by us, copies of that User Submission  may be retained and/or remain viewable by us, our licensors, vendors, service providers and/or other third parties, including other users. Edvisors may restrict, suspend or terminate any user’s access to or use of all or any part of the Services or its features at any time, for any reason, with or without notice and with no liability to Edvisors whatsoever. You shall be solely responsible for your own User Submissions and the consequences of posting them and you agree that we are only acting as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of your User Submissions.  In connection with User Submissions, you affirm, represent and warrant that: (i) you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents and permissions to use and authorize Edvisors to use all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or any other proprietary or personal rights in and to your User Submissions to enable inclusion and use of such User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the Services and their Terms of Use; (ii) posting your User Submission on or through the Services does not and will not violate any confidentiality obligations between you and any person or organization or the privacy rights, publicity rights or other rights of any person; and (iii) you have the written consent, release and/or permission of each and every identifiable person or organization in your User Submission to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable person or organization to enable inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the Services and these Terms of Use. You further affirm, represent and warrant that your User Submissions are not defamatory or libelous in any manner whatsoever. Edvisors reserves the right to remove user submission(s). You shall be solely responsible for your own User Submissions and the consequences of posting them and you agree that we are only acting as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of your User Submissions.  In connection with User Submissions, you affirm, represent and warrant that: (i) you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents and permissions to use and authorize Edvisors to use all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or any other proprietary or personal rights in and to your User Submissions to enable inclusion and use of such User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the Services and their Terms of Use; (ii) posting your User Submission on or through the Services does not and will not violate any confidentiality obligations between you and any person or organization or the privacy rights, publicity rights or other rights of any person; and (iii) you have the written consent, release and/or permission of each and every identifiable person or organization in your User Submission to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable person or organization to enable inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the Services and these Terms of Use. You further affirm, represent and warrant that your User Submissions are not defamatory or libelous in any manner whatsoever. Edvisors reserves the right to remove user submission(s). User agrees to indemnify Edvisors for any content User post which user does not have the requisite permission as affirmed in (i) - (iii) in the foregoing paragraph. You are solely responsible at your sole cost and expense for creating backup copies and replacing any User Submission you post or store through the Services or provide to Edvisors. All User Submissions posted on Edvisors’ Websites or through Edvisors’ Services will be the exclusive property of Edvisors. Some areas of the Websites allow Users to post content such as comments, questions, and other content or information (“User-Generated Content”). We may moderate the comments that appear on our Websites.  We reserve the right but do not assume the obligation to delete or withhold publication of comments that violate our standards. Comments that are obscene, libelous or defamatory, or include vicious personal attacks will not be published. Comments or images that are racist, sexist, homophobic or otherwise offensive will not be published. Additionally, you agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities or behaviors: impersonate, imitate or pretend to be somebody else, by setting up different accounts/profiles, or falsely state, represent, or imply any affiliation, association, or connection with a person or entity when using the Websites; post, upload, transmit, send or otherwise make available on or through the Websites any content that constitutes junk mail, spam, pyramid schemes, chain letters, phishing, advertising, and/or commercial offers; use any language that is, or post, upload, transmit, send or otherwise make available on or through the Websites any User-Generated Content about a person or group that is violent or that victimizes, degrades, defiles or disparages any person or group based on race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, medical condition, or veteran status or otherwise engage in what we deem to be racism, sexism, ageism, religious intolerance, bigotry, ethnic slurs, or homophobia; use any language, or post, upload, transmit, send or otherwise make available on or through the Websites any User-Generated Content that may or is intended to enable, authorize, instruct, encourage, assist, suggest, or promote activities that incite violence, constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any local, state, federal, provincial, national, international, or foreign law, rule or regulation, including without limitation libel, child pornography, fraud, or invasion of privacy; stalk others on or through the Websites, or using information obtained on or through the Websites; disrupt, overwhelm, attack, hack, destroy, damage, disable, impair, repossess, alter, tamper or interfere with the Websites, including without limitation any content, communications, messaging, programming, hardware, functionality, or features on our networks, servers or databases, or impede or interfere with others' access, visitation, and/or use of the Websites, in any way or by any means, whether remotely or by access to our personal property, premises, or otherwise, including, without limitation, by using administrator passwords or by masquerading as an administrator while using the Websites or otherwise; post, upload, transmit, send or otherwise make available on or through the Websites any software disabling devices, time bombs, Trojan horses, cancelbots, viruses, worms, bugs, corrupted files, spyware, adware, malware, malicious programs or code, or devices or defects of similar nature; disseminate or transmit any Content that infringes or violates any party's copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent or other proprietary right; or use or distribute third-party information (whether or not protected as a trade secret) in violation of a duty of confidentiality, fiduciary duty, or similar duty; violate any law (whether local, state, national, or international), whether or not intentionally; forge headers or otherwise intentionally disguise the origin of any content or communication; interfere with or disrupt the Sites, or servers or networks connected to the Sites; or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to the Sites; "Frame" or "mirror" any part of the Sites; or engage in any other activity deemed by Edvisors to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of this agreement or that might violate the rights of others or give rise to liability. You understand that by using the Sites, you may be exposed to Content that may offend you or challenge your beliefs. Your remedy is to avoid such Content by discontinuing your access. Website Activity Analysis We may analyze activity on the Websites to foster compliance with the Terms of Use. You hereby specifically agree to such analysis. Nevertheless, we do not make any representations, warranties or guarantees that: (1) the Websites, or any portion thereof, will in fact be analyzed for any particular purpose(s), (2) apparent statements of fact not made by Edvisors will be authenticated or substantiated, or (3) we will take any specific action (or any action at all) in the event of a challenge or dispute regarding compliance or non-compliance with the Terms of Use. 6. Digital Millennium Copyright Act Edvisors responds to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminates accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the DMCA (see 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3) for further information). To file a notice of infringement you must provide a written communication that sets forth the items specified below. You may be liable for damages (including damages, costs, and attorneys’ fees) if you materially misrepresent that the Websites, a web page or any content on the Websites is infringing your copyright. As such, before submitting a DMCA notice, it’s important to consider if the manner in which the material is used falls under the doctrine of fair use. If you are not sure whether material located on a Edvisors site infringes your copyright, or if it is subject to fair use protections, you should first consider seeking legal advice. A. Notification. If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any User Submission or other Edvisors content infringes upon your copyright, you may submit a written notification pursuant to the DMCA by providing our Copyright Agent (listed below) with the following information: (i) an electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that I allegedly infringed; (ii) a description of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed or if multiple copyrighted works are covered by the notification, a representative list of such works on or in the Services: (iii) a description of the location on the Services or Websites of the allegedly infringed material(s); (iv) your address, telephone number, and email address; (v) a written statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material(s) in the matter complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a written statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Edvisors’ designated Copyright Agent for notice of claims of infringement is: Compliance Department College Loan Corporation 350 S. Rampart Blvd., Suite 200 Las Vegas, NV 89145 Email: DMCA@Edvisors.com Telephone: (702) 777-8405 Only notices of alleged copyright infringement should go to the Copyright Agent; any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be directed to Edvisors’ customer service at customerservice@edvisors.com . You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the notice requirements of the DMCA, your notice may not be valid. B. Termination of Repeat Offenders. In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, Edvisors shall, in appropriate circumstances, terminate access, at Edvisors’ sole discretion, of any general user or Member that Edvisors finds to be a repeat infringer of other copyrights. Edvisors may also, in its sole discretion, limit or fully terminate access to the Website or Service(s) of any user infringing the intellectual property rights of others, regardless of whether such user is a repeat offender or not. 7. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Notice This Website is not directed or otherwise promoted for use by children under the age of thirteen (13). Edvisors does not knowingly collect, maintain or use personal information from our websites about children under age 13. If a child whom we know to be under age 13 sends personal information to us online, we will only use that information to respond directly to that child, notify parents or seek parental consent, and will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. We are not, however, responsible for the collection and use of information by companies or individuals unaffiliated with us whose websites may contain links to ours. Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, we also do not knowingly distribute such information to third-parties. We do not knowingly allow children under the age of 13 to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information via our site. 8. Proprietary Rights to Content You agree that title, ownership rights, and other intellectual property and proprietary rights in the Services shall remain in Edvisors and/or its licensors and suppliers. You acknowledge that the content of this Website and the Services - including but not limited to text, sound, photographs, graphics, software or other material contained in either Edvisors, Sponsor, Client, Affiliate or Reward Partner electronic mail communications, services or software - is copyrighted by Edvisors and/or its licensors and suppliers under United States and international copyright laws, is subject to other intellectual property and proprietary rights and laws, and is owned by Edvisors or its licensors and suppliers. Such content may not be copied, modified, reproduced, republished, posted, transmitted, sold, offered for sale, or redistributed in any way without the prior written permission of Edvisors and its applicable licensors or suppliers, with the sole exception that one copy of any necessary software that may be provided by Edvisors, its Clients, Affiliates, Sponsors or Reward Partners may be downloaded onto a single computer for your personal, noncommercial use. You must abide by all copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in or attached to any such content. You may use Edvisors’, Sponsor’s, Client’s, Affiliates or Reward Partners’ content, service or software only as expressly authorized by Edvisors, the Sponsor, the Client , the Affiliate or the Reward Partner. You acknowledge and agree that the Services and any necessary software provided by Edvisors or its Sponsors, Clients, Affiliate, Reward Partners or other third-party partners and used in connection with the Services (“Software”) contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. Edvisors grants you a personal, nontransferable and nonexclusive right and license to use the object code of any such Software on a single computer and solely in connection with your use of this Website and the Services; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third-party to) otherwise copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, rent, lease, loan, sublicense, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any right in any such Software. You agree not to modify any such Software in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of any such Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Services. You agree not to access the Services by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Edvisors for such use. 9. Eligibility for Registered Services Some Edvisors’ websites require registration in order to fully use the website. You will be required to register if you wish to obtain access to Edvisors Websites that provide Registered Services and become a registered member (“Member”), subject to the following eligibility requirements: (i) Members must be thirteen years or older at the time of registration; (ii) membership is limited to individuals only, corporations or other business entities may not become Members; (iii) Registered Services are limited to one account per individual, even if the individual has multiple email addresses; (iv) employees of Edvisors and members of their household are not eligible to participate; and (v) automated services, scripts, or other machines are not eligible. Some Registered Services have additional eligibility requirements, which will be contained within the specific terms and conditions of Member Agreements associated with participation in those Registered Services. 10. Registration and Site Visitation Obligations To access and use Services, you need computer equipment and telecommunications access necessary to connect to and access the World Wide Web. You must provide, at your own expense, all equipment, all services (including, where applicable, telephone service) and all related third-party service fees such as ISP charges) necessary to access the Services and any future enhancements or additional services. In consideration of use of Registered Services, you agree to provide to Edvisors and its third-party partners true, accurate, current, and complete information as prompted by the Registered Service Website’s online registration form (the “Registration Data”) and agree to maintain and promptly update the Registration Data as necessary in order to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, Edvisors may suspend or terminate your account and/or access to the Website immediately and may refuse you all current or future use of the Registered Service. Some Services include Promotions and Contests. If you are the winner of any such Promotion or Contest you understand you may be required to allow Edvisors to use your name, likeness, testimonials, contest submissions and biographical information for future promotional material along with reporting required by law. 11. Registered Services Password and Account Access Members of Registered Services have certain Rights & Responsibilities with respect to Password and Account Access: (i) Member must select a password as part of the registration process (unless the Member logs in using a third-party social media functionality such as Facebook Connect); (ii) in order to prevent unauthorized activity, to access the Registered Service on the Internet, Member must give the Registered Service their e-mail address and selected password in order to update Member profile information, update personal information (name, e-mail address, etc.) and participate in Promotions and Contests: (iii) for security purposes, Member is advised to memorize, and not to write down, his/her password; (iv) Member is responsible for keeping his/her e-mail address and password confidential, and is solely responsible for all activities that occur under Member’s e-mail address and password, including all unauthorized activities: (v) Member agrees to (a) immediately notify Edvisors of any unauthorized use of Member’s e-mail address and password or any other breach of security related to this Website or the Service, and (b) ensure that Member logs out from Member’s account at the end of each session; and (vi) Member agrees to abide by all applicable local, state, federal, and international laws and regulations with respect to Member’s account. Edvisors has certain Rights & Responsibilities with respect to Password and Account Access: (i) Edvisors will implement security measures at or above industry standards to secure Member’s password on the database; (ii) Edvisors is entitled to act on instructions received under Member’s password and e-mail address; and (iii) Edvisors cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Member’s failure to adequately safeguard Member’s e-mail address and/or password. 12. Registered-User and Website Visitor Conduct You agree not to use any website with Edvisors service marks, including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, blogs or other social media site, or this Website to: (i) violate any local, state, national or international law; (ii) stalk, harass, or harm another individual; (iii) collect or store personal data about other Website visitors or registered users; (iv) impersonate any person, or otherwise misrepresent your identity; (v) interfere with, disrupt or violate these Terms of Use and operating rules of the Services or servers or networks connected to the Services; or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of such networks; (vi) interfere with another Website visitor’s or registered user’s use of the Services; (vii) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services, or to other accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to the Services; (viii) transmit any file that contains viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or any other contaminating or destructive features; (ix) use the Services to conduct any activity or solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity that infringes the rights of others; (x) resell, barter, trade, auction or otherwise generate income by providing access to the Services to others; (xi) exploit bugs, coding or scripting error to achieve a task, participate in or rig a contest, sweepstakes or other activity. You may not upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any User Submission that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party.
You may not access the Service for purposes of monitoring its availability, performance or functionality, or for any other benchmarking or competitive purposes. Additionally, you may not use the Services in connection with affiliate programs, multi-level marketing schemes, sites/blogs, repurposing existing stories (source hops), or off-topic content. You may not change, reorganize, modify, copy, reverse engineer, or create derivative works from the Services or any part thereof, in order to (i) build a competitive product or Service; (ii) build a product using similar ideas, features, functions, or graphics of the Service; (iii) remove, change or replace any Edvisors’ trademarks, logos, copyrights, or any other branding elements; (iv) hide, obscure, disable, or otherwise render inoperable any portion of the User interface including, but not limited to, the display of advertisements and promotions within the Services; or (v) copy any content, ideas, features, functions, or graphics of the Services. In addition, you may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” using Edvisors’ name or other trademark or service mark, nor any Edvisors logo or other proprietary graphic or service mark as part of a link, without the express written consent of Edvisors. You may not use any “deep-link,” “page-scrape,” “robot,” “spider” or other automatic device, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the website and Services, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Services to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Services. Additionally, you may not take any action that imposes, or may impose (as judged by Edvisors at its sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Services, or any other systems or networks connected to the Services or to any Edvisors server, or to any of the services offered on or through the Services, by hacking, password “mining” or any other illegitimate means. You may not harvest or collect User names, User IDs, email addresses or any other User identifying information by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or other communications. Unauthorized commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed from User profiles and/or community postings without notice and may result in termination of User privileges. 13. Liability for Technical Disruptions to Our Website(s) If you cause a technical disruption of our website or any aspect of its functionality you agree to be responsible for any and all loss, costs, liabilities or expenses Edvisors may suffer and you agree to be liable for any attorneys' fees and costs arising from and/or related to the same. The foregoing shall be without limitation of our other venders in law or equity. 14. Disclaimer of Warranties You agree that use of the Services and this Website is solely at your own risk. All Services offered by Edvisors are provided on a strictly “as is” and “as available” basis, without representation or warranty of any kind. Neither Edvisors nor its third-party partners make any warranty, express or implied: (i) with regard to any products, services, or gifts obtained by you through the Services or through any third-party; (ii) that the services will meet your requirements; (iii) that the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, free of errors or without defects; (iv) as to the results you may obtain by using the Services; (v) as to the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained via the Services; or tax liability imposed against you by any taxing authority. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EDVISORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES REGARDING THE INFORMATION, SERVICES OR GOODS PROVIDED BY OR THROUGH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO: (I) THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY; (II) THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USER OR PURPOSE; AND (III) NON-INFRINGEMENT. EDVISORS CANNOT AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE GUARANTEES, WARRANTIES, AND REPRESENTATIONS, IF ANY, OFFERED BY ANY THIRD-PARTY INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: CLIENTS, SPONSORS, REWARD PARTNERS, MANUFACTURERS OF MERCHANDISE OR SUPPLIERS OF SERVICES. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM EDVISORS OR VIA THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. To the extent that we may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any implied warranty, the scope and duration of such warranty shall be the minimum permitted under such applicable law. 15. Limitation of Liability You understand that some goods and services offered through the Services may be offered by third-parties or affiliates, and that Edvisors does not operate, control or endorse any of their information, goods or services in any way. You understand that third-parties may place restrictions on the use of goods and services offered through the Services. To the fullest extent provided by applicable law, neither Edvisors nor its officers, directors, stockholders, subsidiaries, employees, agents, licensors, affiliates, or other third-party providers shall be held liable for any damages or losses of any kind, whether direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages resulting from: (i) the use or inability to use the Services; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods or services; (iii) any transaction entered into or through the Services; (iv) the reliance on or use of any information, goods, services or merchandise provided through the Services; (v) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (vi) statements or conduct of any third-party; (vii) any claim attributable to errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies in the Services and/or materials or information retrieved through the Services; (viii) any tax obligations arising from or related to your use of Edvisors Website or the Services or (ix) any other matter relating to the Services, your relationship with Edvisors or these Terms of Use. The above limitation is applicable even if Edvisors or its authorized representatives have been advised of (or know or should know of) the possibility of such damages. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for certain types of damages, some of the above limitations and disclaimers may not apply to you. Your rights vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. You acknowledge and agree that Edvisors neither endorses the contents of any electronic mail or Internet communications sent by third-parties or affiliates nor shall be held responsible or liable for: (i) the accuracy of material contained in electronic mail, Internet, or other communications of third-parties or affiliates; (ii) any infringement of third-party intellectual property rights arising from the electronic mail Internet, or other communications from third-parties or affiliates; or (iii) any fraud or other crime facilitated by the electronic mail, Internet, or other communications by third-parties or affiliates. To the fullest extent provided by applicable law, you agree that Edvisors is not liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, suspension or discontinuances of services from particular providers to the Services. 16. Indemnification YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS EDVISORS AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, PREDECESSORS, SUCCESSORS, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, CO-BRANDERS, THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS, CLIENTS, SPONSORS, REWARD PARTNERS OR OTHER PARTNERS, FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, LOSSES, COSTS (INCLUDING COURT COSTS), FEES (INCLUDING ATTORNEY’S FEES), DAMAGES AND EXPENSES THAT SUCH PARTIES MAY INCUR AS A RESULT OF, DUE TO, OR ARISING OUT OF THE VIOLATION BY YOU (OR ANYONE ACTING UNDER YOU ACCOUNT OR PASSWORD) OF THESE TERMS OF USE,  THE USE OR MISUSE OF THE SERVICES BY YOU (OR ANYONE ACTING UNDER YOUR ACCOUNT OR PASSWORD), OR THE VIOLATION OF ANY RIGHTS OF ANOTHER BY YOU (OR ANYONE ACTING UNDER YOUR ACCOUNT OR PASSWORD). 17. Use and Storage You acknowledge that Edvisors may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Services including, without limitation, the maximum number of days that information, data, account history or other uploaded content will be retained by the Services, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on Edvisors servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the Services in a given period of time. You acknowledge that Edvisors reserves the right to terminate accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time, as determined by Edvisors in its sole discretion. You further acknowledge that Edvisors reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice. You agree that Edvisors has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any information or data and other communications or other content maintained or transmitted by or through the Services. 18. Trademark Information All Edvisors trademarks, as well as any third-party trademarks, service marks, logos and trade names appearing on this Website or on or through the Services, are the property of their respective owners, and you may not copy or use them in any manner. Nothing contained on this Website should be understood as granting you a license to use any of the trademarks, service marks, or logos owned by Edvisors or by any third party. 19. Arbitration: PLEASE READ CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS A. Most of your concerns can be resolved quickly by contacting Edvisors at info@edvisors.com. In the event that we cannot resolve your concern, binding arbitration through the following procedures shall be your sole and exclusive remedy. Any arbitration under these Terms of Use will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted. B. Pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, Edvisors and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us. This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted. It includes, but is not limited to, claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, regardless of legal theory, including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising and claims relating to any and all use of the Service(s), whether brought during or after the term of these Terms of Use. References to “Edvisors,” “you,” and “us” include our respective corporate subsidiaries and parents, affiliates, agents, employees, officers, directors, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under these Terms of Use or prior agreements between us. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may bring an individual action in small claims court. You agree that, by accepting these Terms of Use, you and Edvisors are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This Section 19 shall survive termination of these Terms of Use. C. A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”). The Notice to Edvisors shall be addressed to Edvisors Network, Inc., 350 S. Rampart Blvd., Suite 200, Las Vegas, NV 89145, Attention: President (“Edvisors Notice Address”). The Notice to you shall be addressed to any such addresses, including email addresses you may have provided Edvisors. If you have never provided Edvisors with any such address, Edvisors will, after using due diligence to discover, send Notice to your last known mailing address. The Notice must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief sought (“Demand”). The Demand must be made within a reasonable time after a dispute has arisen, but in no event shall it be made more than one year from when the aggrieved party knew or should have known of the claim or facts forming the basis of the dispute. If Edvisors and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim informally within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or Edvisors may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by Edvisors or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or Edvisors is entitled. D. The arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, “AAA Rules”) of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), as modified by this Agreement, and will be administered by the AAA. The arbitration will take place before a single arbitrator appointed in accordance with the AAA Rules. The arbitrator is bound by the terms of this Agreement and must issue a written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which an award is based. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the arbitration provisions in this Section 19 are for a court to decide. Unless Edvisors and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in Clark County, Nevada. If your claim is for $10,000 or less, the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator unless otherwise directed by the AAA Rules. Each party will bear its own attorneys’ fees and costs. Arbitration fees will be allocated in accordance with the AAA Rules. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator, if any, may be entered for enforcement purposes only in any court having jurisdiction thereof. E. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the arbitrator may not award declaratory or injunctive relief to the extent it affects conduct between a party and a non-party. YOU AND EDVISORS AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING SUCH AS A CLASS ACTION, CLASS ARBITRATION OR MASS JOINDER PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and Edvisors agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If this class action waiver is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void. F. Notwithstanding any provision in these Terms of Use to the contrary, we agree that if Edvisors makes any material change to this Section 19 (other than a change to the Edvisors Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice, to the Edvisors Notice Address, within 30 days of the change. By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of these Terms of Use in the form prior to such rejected change. 20. Compliance with FTC Guidelines on Endorsements/Testimonials If you choose to promote our services to the public, including your own personal social networks, you agree that you will comply with the FTC's Guidelines Concerning the Use of Testimonials and Endorsements in Advertising ("Guidelines"). 21. Jurisdiction These Terms of Use and any dispute of any kind that arises with Edvisors shall be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws. You further agree to irrevocably submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Clark County, Nevada. 22. Entire Agreement These Terms of Use together with any other terms and conditions or policies that incorporate these Terms of Use by reference, constitutes the complete, final and exclusive understanding between Edvisors and you relating to the subject matter hereof and governs your use of the Service(s), superseding all prior or contemporaneous understandings, agreements and/or communications with respect to such subject matter. You may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you obtain or use third-party content, third-party software or goods and services provided by or through Clients, Sponsors, Reward Partners, Affiliates or other third-parties. 23. Assignment These Terms of Use, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Edvisors without restriction. 24. Invalidity; Waiver If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. It is the parties’ intention that the court modify such invalid provision to give it the fullest effect permissible under applicable law. No waiver of any term of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Edvisors’ failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. 25. Termination A Member may terminate their membership in any of the Registered Services with or without cause at any time. A Member’s termination of Registered Services is effective upon Member’s terminating his/her membership on the Service’s Website. A visitor to any Edvisors Website who is not a Member but who does not agree to any of the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use should not use any of the Services and should exit the Website immediately. Edvisors may terminate membership and use of any of the Registered Services and may remove User Submissions in its sole discretion, effective immediately and without prior notice, for any reason, including, without limitation, failure to provide accurate Registration Data; lack of use; or if Edvisors believes that Member or has violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms of Use. Upon termination by either you or Edvisors: (i) Edvisors may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files and/or bar any further access to such files or the Services: (ii) your rights to use the Service(s) ceases immediately, including any rights to contests, games, or activities active at the time of termination; (iii) should you object to any of these Terms of Use or any subsequent modifications thereto or become dissatisfied with the Service, your only recourse is to immediately discontinue use of the Service. You agree that Edvisors shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any termination of your account or your access to the Services. 26. Definitions A. Sponsor: Any company or an organization that pays Edvisors to plan and carries out a sweepstakes, contest or activity on an Edvisors’ owned and operated website or mail-in promotion. B. Client: Any company which Edvisors has a contract with to connect Edvisors members with. The Client would plan and carry out the sweepstakes, survey, contest or activity on Client’s owned and operated website or mail-in promotion. C. Partner: Any company or organization who takes part in an undertaking with Edvisors, with shared risks and profits. For example, the Partner may own and operate a website where a survey occurs, but Edvisors would be operating the correlating sweepstakes where “Points” earned by through Partner’s survey, would be redeemed. D. Affiliate: Affiliate is any business under common ownership or control. 27. User Suggestions You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information provided by you to Edvisors are not commercial and you grant us a worldwide, royalty-free license to distribute, publish, modify, edit or otherwise use your submissions. Edvisors shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise without any acknowledgement of or compensation to you. 28. Questions/Comments If you have any questions or comments about the Services or become aware of misuse of the Services by any person, please contact us at info@edvisors.com or at the following address: Edvisors Network, Inc., 350 S. Rampart Blvd., Suite 200, Las Vegas, NV 89145 Privacy Policy Last Updated: December 21, 2022 Edvisors Network, Inc. (“Edvisors”, “our”, “we”) publishes several different websites, including, but not limited to the following: Edvisors.com ScholarshipPoints.com StudentScholarshipSearch.com PrivateStudentLoans.com HowToGetIn.com RewardFish.com Table of Contents: https://www.edvisors.com/terms-privacy-disclaimer/ This Privacy Policy applies to all our websites (collectively, “Site”) and Services owned and operated by Edvisors. The term "Services," means any services, transactions, or other engagements you might have with Edvisors. Please carefully read this Privacy Policy, which is part of our Terms of Use, before using our Site and/or Services. If you do not agree with the Terms of Use and/or this Privacy Policy, you must refrain from using our Site and/or Services. By accessing or using our Site and/or Services you agree to our use of your information consistent with the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. Questions Regarding Our Privacy Practices If you still have questions after reading our Privacy Policy, here are a few ways you can contact us: Edvisors Attn: Customer Service 350 S. Rampart Blvd., Suite 200 Las Vegas, NV 89145 USA Privacy@Edvisors.com You may also reach us during regular business hours at: (888) 972-1010 1. Information We Collect We may collect, use, and disclose information that personally identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with you (“Personal Information”). In the past twelve months, we have collected the following categories of Personal Information: Personal Information Category Examples of Personal Information We Have Collected and May Collect Identifiers Name, email address, IP address, and User ID, phone number, account username. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). Household income range, student assets, federal or private student loan debt, credit score range, student loan amount sought, and other information under this category to the extent covered by another category. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Gender, age 40 years plus, marital status, religion, citizenship, military or veteran status, disability, ethnicity. Commercial information. Preferred school size, preferred residence, sweepstakes participation records, ScholarshipPoints activities, reward activities, e-gift cards information, survey responses. Internet or other similar network activity. Data and time of interaction with an advertisement, advertisement ID, website ID, session ID, browsing history, search history, chat transcript. Geolocation data. GPS-based information from mobile devices used to access the Services. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. Call recording when you contact our call center, photos, Site recordings. Professional or employment-related information. Job information and status, job title. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). School name, school address, GPA, exam scores, major, degree, graduation date, class rank, grade levels. Inferences drawn from other Personal Information. Propensity to select certain offers, scholarships, advertisements, content, colleges, and/or universities that may interest you, and gender. We also collect certain types of Personal Information that may be considered sensitive under relevant laws (“Sensitive Personal Information”). In the past twelve months, we have collected the following categories of Sensitive Personal Information: Sensitive Personal Information Category Examples of Sensitive Personal Information We Have Collect and May Collect Complete account access credentials. Usernames combined with required access/security code or password. Racial or ethnic origin. Ethnicity Citizenship Religious or philosophical belief. Union membership. Health Information. Diagnosis, disability 2. How We Collect Information A. Information You Provide We may collect Personal Information you provide to us: When you fill out forms or fields through our Services; When you sign up for any newsletters or other materials through our Services; When you provide information to us through a Third-Party application, service or web site; When you communicate with us or request information about us or our Services, whether via email or other means; When you participate in online surveys hosted by us or our Third-Party partners; When you participate in any of our marketing initiatives, including, contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions; When you participate in forums, chats or provide user generated content or submissions; When you provide us with access to GPS-based information about your location; and When you visit our Sites or open emails we send, including your device identifier or IP address. B. Information Third Parties Provide We also may collect information about you from sources other than from you directly, such as from social media websites (Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter or others), other users and our business partners. This Privacy Policy applies solely to our privacy practices. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any Third Parties, even if our ads contain links to Third Party websites and even if we have an independent business relationship with that Third Party. This policy does not address, and we are not responsible for information practices (including collection, usage, disclosure or data security) of any Third Parties, including any Third Party operating any site or service to which our Site links. The inclusion of a link on our Site does not imply our or our affiliates’ endorsement of the linked site or service. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy of each and every web site that you visit to be sure you understand the terms and conditions that apply to you from each of them. Supplementation of Personal Information: In order to provide certain services to you, we may on occasion supplement the Personal Information you submitted to us with information from Third Party sources. For example: Address Verification: If you provide your email address during member registration or otherwise, we use Third Parties in order to verify your email address information registration process. Enhancement of Profile Information: We obtain marketing data from Third Parties and add it to our existing user database, to better target our advertising and to provide pertinent offers for which we think you would be interested. To enrich our profiles of individual customers, we tie this information to the Personal Information you submitted to us. If you choose to link any of your social media accounts to your account, you may be given the option to log into your account using the credentials from any such social media accounts. When you choose to use this log-in feature, we may obtain information from all of the social media accounts that you have chosen to link to your account. Such information may include, for example, your name, date of birth, gender, location, profile photo, interests, activities, likes, check-ins, languages, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone number, professional information, contacts or similar information. You may unlink any of your social media accounts from your account by modifying your account settings. When you do so, we will stop obtaining new information from such social media accounts. When We Advertise on Third Party Sites: When you visit a site on which we advertise and click through our advertisement, we may place cookies on your computer or use pixel tags. The information that we collect through this technology is not personally identifiable. C. Information Collected Through Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies We use tracking technologies to help provide content, to measure promotional effectiveness, to offer advertisements and/or other offerings, to recognize you and your preferences when you return to our site, to help us learn more about how our users use our sites, to personalize your experience, to assess which areas of our Site you visit, and to remarket to you after you leave our site. Tracking: We permit Service Providers (as defined below) and Third Parties (as defined below) that we have agreements with us to track you when you are on our Site. When you leave our Site there is a chance that these Third Parties may continue to track you. A few tracking technologies include, without limitation, images, scripts and subsequent technology and methods later developed: Cookies: Edvisors uses “cookies” and other technologies to help us learn more about how our users use our sites and to recognize you when you return. “Cookies” (which may be html files, Flash files or other technology) are text files that are stored on your browser or device by websites, apps, online media, and advertisements that can be used to help recognize you as an Edvisors user and help store your preferences and activity. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies may store user preferences and other information, and can be deleted or blocked by changing the settings on your web browser. You may also be able to modify your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. However, choosing to decline cookies may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on Edvisors’ Site. Web Beacons: Web beacons are small graphic images or other web programming which may be included in our Services. Web beacons can be invisible to you and are used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to our Sites, to monitor how users navigate our Sites, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many specific articles or links were actually viewed. HTML5 and Locally Stored Objects: Similar to cookies are “locally stored objects” which we may also use for storing analytics information. Locally stored objects, such as HTML5 Web Storage, are used for similar purposes as cookies but typically may contain a greater amount and different types of data than browser cookies. Most current versions of common web browsers clear this locally stored data when you delete or clear your cookie cache. To confirm whether this is the case for the browser you are using, or to learn more about how to precisely control this data storage, please consult the Help function of your browser. Analytics Tools and Third-Party Cookies: Edvisors uses temporary cookies to help us determine how people travel through our Site. A session cookie expires when you close your browser. We also use Third-party analytics tools (such as Google Analytics) to collect information such as how often users visit our Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to our Site. We use this information only to improve our Sites and Services. Such tools use permanent cookies to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our Site. Third Parties providing such analytics tools may also transfer this information to other third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf. By using our Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by a Third-Party click tracking analytics provider in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For some of our products, we use Google Analytics Advertising Features, including Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting,  Google Analytics Demographic and Interest Reporting. You may opt out of the Google Analytics service with Google’s Browser Add-on that’s available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ For information in general about Google’s remarketing ad campaigns, and specifically about information regarding DoubleClick cookies and how to control and manage Google’s advertising cookies for these campaigns, visit https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/ . For another Google resource for opting out of Google’s use of cookies, visit https://www.google.com/settings/ads/ . For another resource recommended by Google for opting out of a Third-Party vendor’s use of cookies, visit https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . You can exercise cookie choices by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ . Our Site may also use, on some pages, the HotJar Analysis and Feedback tool. We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g., how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf. For more information see HotJar's Privacy Policy at https://www.hotjar.com/privacy . You can choose to disable the HotJar service at https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out . Online Advertising Networks and Third-Party Cookies: Edvisors sometimes runs online ad campaigns that display Edvisors ads to you based on your likely interests. We may learn your likely interests when you use our Site and from other companies and websites that help us understand your likely interests. These types of ads are often called “interest-based ads”, “online behavioral advertising”, or “targeted advertising”. We hire “ad networks” to display these ads on websites across the Internet. Edvisors adheres to the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. The ad networks we hire to display these ads set their own cookies on your browser and use web beacons to measure the effectiveness of these ads and to understand your likely interests. Our ad networks and Edvisors both learn which Edvisors ads are shown to you, which ads are clicked on, and on which web page the ads were displayed. Third-party companies may use non-cookie technologies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity including your activities on our Site. These technologies may be used directly on our Site. Please keep in mind that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of these non-cookie technologies, and those browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on such techniques. For more general information about interest-based ads and your choices, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance at http://www.aboutads.info/choices . Cross-device and cross-app technology: We use the term “devices” to refer collectively to computers and mobile devices, as well as the internet browsers and other applications on your devices that interact with the internet. We and our customers may use technology that establishes deterministic or statistical connections among related devices (such as smartphones, tablets, and computers) to deliver more relevant advertising to you and for advertising analytics and reporting purposes. This includes cross device data collection which refers to the process of collecting data from separate devices that have been determined through statistical analysis to be linked or related. How We Respond to Browser “Do Not Track” Signals: Some web browsers or mobile device operating systems incorporate a “Do Not Track” (a/k/a DNT) feature that signals to websites that you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. We do not respond to web browser and/or mobile device operating systems “Do Not Track” signals at this time. 3. How We Use Your Information A. Internal Uses In addition to the uses described in the Information We Collect section of this Privacy Policy, we may use each category of your Personal Information for business purposes such as: to provide you the Services you request (such as promotions, lending and scholarship information); to operate, administer, test and improve our Sites; to customize our Sites, including with location-based information, advertising, and features; to improve your user experience and our Services; to provide information about other products and services which we think might interest you; to provide you with and target advertising based on your activity and interests, both on our own Sites and applications and on third-party sites, platforms and applications; and for our general business purposes such as analytics, market research and financial reporting. We use Sensitive Personal Information as described above and we use and/or disclose it for additional purposes beyond those specified in 11 Cal. Code of Regs. § 7027(m). For information about how to opt-out of our processing of Sensitive Personal Information for non-exempt purposes, please see the Consumer Privacy Rights section below. B. Consumer Rewards Services We also use each category of your Personal Information for purposes of establishing and maintaining our consumer rewards services, such as RewardFish. Rewards opportunities may include cashback shopping, offers, surveys, search, watching video and other online and offline activities. You should review our Notice of Financial Incentive related to the rewards opportunities. C. Personal Information Disclosures We may disclose your Personal Information for the purposes in this Privacy Policy to: Service Providers: From time to time, we may use other businesses to perform specific services (“Service Providers”), such as sending emails or newsletters to Edvisors users. We may disclose your Personal Information to the extent necessary for the Service Provider to provide specific services including, but not limited to: Fulfillment and account servicing vendors , which help us provide products, services and information to you, service your account or benefits, and perform payment processing services; Marketing and communications vendors , which help us market our products/services to you, conduct promotions, surveys and other outreach campaigns, and facilitate communications via phone, text, email, and chat; Research and development vendors , which help us develop and improve our products and services; Data and business analytics vendors , which help us collect, analyze and improve the accuracy of our data (including Personal Information); IT and network administration vendors , which provide services such as data storage and management, website hosting, and data security; Professional service firms , which provide accounting, legal, and other professional services; and General service providers , which help us with day-to-day business operations such as office support services, courier services, facilities management, and document destruction. These Service Providers may be located outside of your home jurisdiction. Our Service Providers are only allowed to use Personal Information for the purpose of providing the specific services requested by Edvisors. The services covered by this paragraph do not include links to third-party sites found on our sites. We may also disclose your Personal Information to Third Parties for the following purposes when permitted or required by applicable law: Law Enforcement: While Edvisors strives to protect the Personal Information of all users, Edvisors will disclose Personal Information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a government entity, or if it believes in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect our rights or property or our affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public. As Part of a Business Transfer: We may disclose your Personal Information, including usage information with any parent, subsidiary or affiliate entity for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer some or all such information: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of Edvisors; or (ii) in connection with any merger, acquisition, consolidation, restructuring, bankruptcy, sale of assets or other corporate change involving us and/or our affiliates. We may transfer the corresponding information regarding our customers and users of the Services, including Personal Information, to Third Parties evaluating or facilitating the transaction. Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to interfere with our ability to transfer all or part of our business, equity interests, or assets (including the Services) to an affiliate or non-affiliated third party at any time, for any purpose, without any limitation, and without notice or any compensation to you. Consent: In addition to the other disclosure practices described in this Privacy Policy, we may also disclose your Personal Information to Third Parties with your consent. D. Personal Information Sales and Sharing We may sell your Personal Information to third parties who are not Service Providers (“Third Parties”). We may also share Personal Information with Third Parties for cross-context behavioral advertising or targeted advertising purposes. Any time we use the word “share” or its derivatives in this Privacy Policy, we mean sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising or targeted advertising purposes. We do not sell or share the Personal Information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age. In the past twelve months we have sold or shared Personal Information as described below. Third Party Categories Personal Information Categories Sold or Shared Business or Commercial Purpose(s) Advertisers and Marketing Partners* All categories. Sold and shared To provide information about other products and services which we think might interest you. Market Research (MR) Companies Identifiers; Personal Information listed in Cal. Civ Code § 1798.80(e); Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law; Professional or employment-related information; Education information meaning non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)); Racial or ethnic origin. Sold and shared To identify survey opportunities that you may be eligible for through the Third-Party MR Companies. Analytics Partners All categories. Sold and shared For these partners to compile analytics . Fraud Prevention and Identity Services Companies These Third Parties may combine the Personal Information we provide to them with other data they maintain and may further sell the Personal Information we provide them. All categories. Sold and shared For these companies to use, either for themselves or their clients, in fraud prevention, detection, and/or mitigation; identity verification, resolutions, and authentication; skip tracing; and locating consumers. Promotional Partners All categories. Shared To administer, market, sponsor, or fulfill the promotion or as required by applicable laws, rules or regulations (for example, to provide winners’ lists or make required filings as appropriate) or in accordance with the applicable Official Rules of the promotion/sweepstakes you enter on or through the Site or Services. Social Media Companies Social Media features are either hosted by a Third Party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the Privacy Policy of the company providing them. Identifiers: Internet or other electronic network activity. Shared To create look alike modeling and target potential consumers in advertisement. AI/Data Modelers All categories. Sold and shared To develop and utilize artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithmic models. *Our Site may display Third-Party advertisers’ offers. These advertisers may in turn display their own offers. These offers are not controlled by or made by Edvisors. These offers may be displayed to you based on certain technical information, such as your geographic area or other anonymous demographic information. After clicking on one of these offers, you may no longer be on a site hosted by Edvisors or a partnering Third Party Platform. Edvisors may provide points or other virtual rewards to users in exchange for interaction with an advertisement or completion of a specific activity in furtherance of the advertiser’s promotion subject to our Notice of Financial Incentive. Such activities may include signing up for an account with the advertiser. To properly credit user accounts and to prevent fraud, a unique identifier and anonymous demographic information may be shared with the offer provider. This information is used to ensure proper crediting of your account, prevent fraud or duplicate offers and to resolve any customer service inquiries that may arise. Once you complete an offer, you may then be returned to an Edvisors Site or Service. In the past twelve months, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information to Third Parties in circumstances that are not the sale or sharing of the Personal Information: Third Party Categories Personal Information Categories Government Agencies and Courts. None disclosed in the past 12 months Parties to Litigation. None disclosed in the past 12 months Potential acquirers of our business None disclosed in the past 12 months 4. Children's Policy This Site is not directed or otherwise promoted for use by children under the age of thirteen (13). Edvisors does not knowingly collect, maintain or use Personal Information from our Sites or Services about children under age thirteen. If a child whom we know to be under age thirteen sends Personal Information to us online, we will only use that information to respond directly to that child, notify parents or seek parental consent, and will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any Personal Information from children known to be under the age of thirteen. We are not, however, responsible for the collection and use of information by companies or individuals unaffiliated with us whose web sites may contain links to ours. Because we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen, we also do not knowingly distribute such information to Third Parties. We do not knowingly allow children under the age of thirteen to publicly post or otherwise distribute Personal Information via our Site. 5. How We Protect Your Information We take the security of your Personal Information very seriously. Edvisors maintains certain physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to help protect our data. We require all Service Providers to whom we disclose your Personal Information. We cannot, however, ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Services and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, electronic, or administrative safeguards. 6. Links to Other Sites This Site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Edvisors does not exercise control over the information, products, services or policies of Third-Party companies linked from or accessible through our Site. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy policies of each and every Third-Party site so you can understand how they collect, use, and share your information. 7. How to Update Your Information We encourage you to visit your account, if applicable, to review and update your Personal Information. The appropriate method(s) for updating your information, if any, will depend on which of our Site and Services you have either visited or used. Depending on the Site and Service, you may have the ability to view or edit some of your information online, by logging into the Services and visiting your account profile page. You may also reach us during regular business hours at (888) 972-1010 to request to update your Personal Information. We may ask you to verify your identity and provide other details to help us to respond to your request. 8. Friend Referrals We may provide you with an opportunity to invite and inform your friends, family and acquaintances (“Friends”) about our Services. If you elect to use our referral feature, we will automatically send to your Friend, to the email address you provided, one or more emails or other communications, on your behalf, inviting them to visit or register for the Edvisors’ Site and Services. You warrant and represent that you have your Friend’s consent to provide us with their information for this purpose, and that you will not give us referral information for any person not permitted to use the Edvisors’ Site and Services, including, without limitation a child under the age of 13, a person whose account has previously been suspended or deactivated, or a person residing or located in a territory where use of the Edvisors’ Site and Services are not authorized. 9. Your Rights with Regards to Our Collection Practices Unsubscribe from Our E-mails: If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, whether on our behalf or on behalf of a client, including our e-newsletters, follow the unsubscribe process at the bottom of the promotional e-mail. Alternatively, you can unsubscribe here . Note that even if you unsubscribe, you may still receive transactional e-mails from us (e.g., e-mails related to the completion of your registration, correction of user data, password reset requests, reminder e-mails that you have requested, and any other similar communications essential to your transactions on or made through the Services). It may take up to 10 days to process your opt out request. Opting Out — Advertisers and Third Parties: If you opt out, we will stop sharing and/or selling your personal information in Edvisors’ proprietary database to help Third Parties (including Third-Party Market Research (MR) Companies) or marketing partners send or tailor ads and content to you, including through email, direct mail or online display marketing. Doing so will not opt you out of our marketing partners’ or Third Parties’ databases, only data in Edvisors’ own database – so other companies that we work with may still send ads, offers and content to you. To opt out of Edvisors sharing and/or selling your information with Third Parties and/or marketing partners for their marketing purposes, opt out here . Opting Out of Interest Based Advertising: If you wish to opt out of the use of your technical information by online advertising networks, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices . You can also disable or delete cookies directly on your web browser. Please see your browser’s “help” content for information on how to do this. You can opt out of our use of your online viewing behavior data to serve you interest-based advertising on Third-Party sites that participate in the DAA AdChoices program  at www.aboutads.info or by clicking on the Interest-based Ads link in the footer of our Site and navigating to the consumer opt-out page. Use the same links to opt out of interest-based advertising on our Services from any participating Third-Party advertising networks we may use. Your access to our Site should not be affected if you do not accept cookies served by Third Parties. If you have any problems or questions regarding your privacy preferences or opt out options, you may reach us during regular business hours at (888) 972-1010. Consumer Privacy Rights Laws in California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia provide consumer-residents with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes your rights if you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia and explains how to exercise those rights. Opt Out Right The right to opt out of: Sales . A California, Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia consumer has the right to opt out of the sale of their Personal Information to Third Parties. Sharing For Targeted or Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising . A California, Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia consumer has the right to opt out of our sharing of Personal Information to Third Parties for the purpose of targeted or cross-context behavioral advertising. Profiling . A Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia consumer has the right to opt out of our use of Personal Information for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Processing of Sensitive Personal Information . A California consumer has the right to request we limit the use of their Sensitive Personal Information to only exempt uses under applicable regulations. A Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia consumer has the right to revoke their consent to our processing of their Sensitive Personal Information. We will recognize legally required opt-out from sale and sharing signals such as Global Privacy Control. If we receive an opt-out from sale and sharing signal and are able to reasonably identify the consumer to whom the signal relates, we will treat the signal from a California, Colorado, or Connecticut consumer as a request to opt out of the sale and sharing for targeted and cross-context behavioral advertising purposes of all Personal Information. We will also disable cookies and other tracking tools utilized by Third Parties on our Site. If we receive an opt-out from sale and sharing signal and are not able to reasonably identify the consumer to whom the signal relates, we will treat the signal as a request to opt out limited to the Personal Information we collect from the consumer during the online session during which the signal is present. We will also disable cookies and other tracking tools utilized by Third Parties on our Site. Access Right (Right to Know) A California, Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia consumer has the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months, including: The categories of Personal Information we collected about you. The categories of sources from which we collected your Personal Information. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting your Personal Information. The categories of Third Parties with whom we share your Personal Information. The categories of Third Parties with whom we sold your Personal Information. The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you (also called a data portability request). If we disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, we will identify the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained. We will provide this information free of charge once per twelve-month period to a Connecticut consumer and twice per twelve-month period to a California, Colorado, or Virginia consumer. We are not permitted to provide access to specific pieces of Personal Information if the Personal Information is sensitive or creates a high risk of potential harm from disclosure to an unauthorized person such as financial information, social security numbers, and driver's license numbers. We will not provide specific pieces of Personal Information unless you expressly request them. Deletion Right A California, Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia consumer has the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and maintained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our Service Providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may rightfully retain your Personal Information if a legal exemption applies. Correction Right Please refer to the “How to Update Your Information” section to update your Personal Information. A California, Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia consumer also has the right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information that we collected from you and maintain. While submitting your request to correct inaccurate Personal Information, we will provide instructions for you to provide us with optional documentation to support your request and we will consider it. We may decline to correct your allegedly inaccurate Personal Information if a legal exemption applies. We may also decide to delete your Personal Information rather than correcting it. Appeal Right A Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia consumer has the right to appeal our decision to deny, in full or in part, your exercise of privacy rights by submitting a request to appeal. We will process appeal requests within 45 days of receipt, subject to any applicable exemptions and extensions permitted by law. If we deny your appeal, we will provide you with a written explanation of the reasons for our decision. If you are not satisfied with our explanation for the denial of your appeal, you may contact your state Attorney General to submit a complaint about the appeal results and we will provide you with instructions for doing so. How a Make a Rights Request If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia, you may submit your request(s) by any of the methods below. Calling us at (888) 972-1010 Emailing us at: customerservice@edvisors.com Privacy Rights Request Webforms: Right to Access/Know: https://edvisors.com/right-to-know-request Deletion: https://edvisors.com/delete-request Correction: https://edvisors.com/right-to-correct-request Opt-Out Privacy Center (Do Not Sell/Share, Opt-out of Profiling, Limit Use of Sensitive Personal Information): https://edvisors.com/your-privacy-choices Appeals: https://edvisors.com/right-to-appeal-request Depending on the type of request made, we may require you to provide information including, but not limited to the following: name, email address, and date of birth to reasonably verify your identity. We will attempt to match the information you provided with the information in our records. We will not be able to process Access, Correction, or Deletion requests until we have verified your identity. Our verification process will take into consideration the type and sensitivity of information requested, and any risk of harm posed by any unauthorized access, deletion, or correction. Thus, we will either verify your identity to a reasonably high degree of certainty or a reasonable degree of certainty. Any information you submit to exercise your rights will be used solely for processing your request. We will process verified Access, Correction, or Deletion requests within 45 days of receipt, subject to any applicable exemptions and extensions permitted by law up to 90 days. We will process Opt Out requests within 15 days of receipt. We will retain records of your request for at least two years. Authorized Agent / Representative If you are an authorized agent submitting a request for another California, Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia resident, please submit your request through one of the provided submission methods and designate whether you are exercising a request as an authorized agent. The authorized agent must provide a copy of a letter signed by the customer authorizing the agent to submit a request on his or her behalf, (b) a valid power of attorney, or (c) other documentation evidencing your role as a guardian, conservator, or similar over the consumer along with proof of your identity. You may provide this documentation via email to customerservice@edvisors.com . We may contact you and the consumer on whose behalf you claim to act to verify your identity, the consumer's identity, and your authorization to act on the consumer's behalf. Right to Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights under law or this Privacy Policy. Notice of Financial Incentive If you register for our ScholarshipPoints or RewardFish rewards programs, we may provide you with opportunities to earn points that can be redeemed for various rewards such as gift cards, services, experiences, charitable donations, or promotional activities. Participation in the programs is governed by the applicable program membership rules. We may also provide you with opportunities to earn rewards by participating in certain activities both as part of a program and elsewhere on our various websites. Activities that are not part of a rewards program are governed by the Terms of Use linked on the relevant Site. Your participation in the ScholarshipPoints or RewardFish rewards programs and/or any activity is voluntary. Under the CCPA, the rewards we provide may be considered financial incentives offered in return for your Personal Information. Although some rewards will have a stated approximate value, others, such as experiences, may have a subjective value or a value based on your choices when redeeming them.  If you earn points, such points may or may not have a cash value and their value is predominantly determined by your redemption choices. For example, if you choose to redeem 2500 points for a $25 gift card or 2500 points for a digital movie with an approximate retail value of $19.99, your redemption choice will affect the value you receive for the points. When you choose to participate in an activity, we will inform you of the potential benefit you will gain from participation which may be in the form of points or a particular reward. We will also inform you prior to or during the activity of the Personal Information that you must or may choose to provide related to your participation in the activity; however, the categories of Personal Information we may request include: Identifiers Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law Commercial information Internet or other similar network activity Sensory data Professional or employment-related information Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)) Inferences drawn from other Personal Information By choosing to participate in the activity and provide us with the Personal Information we request as part of the activity, you are choosing to opt into the financial incentive offered. You may withdraw from the financial incentive at any time by sending us a withdrawal request to customerservice@edvisors.com or calling us at (888) 972-1010. Please be aware that by withdrawing from the financial incentive you will no longer receive the incentive offered. We may also choose to treat your withdrawal request as a request that we do not sell your Personal Information. We have made a good faith estimate of the aggregate value of the financial incentives offered to consumers as compared to the value we derive, directly or indirectly, from the Personal Information consumers provide when participating in the activities to which the financial incentives relate. Our analysis takes into consideration the compensation we receive from third parties to whom we sell Personal Information and advertising revenue we receive for marketing third-party products to consumers based on the Personal Information they provide in connection with the financial incentives with offsets for our anticipated business expenses related to the collection, use, storage, and disclosure of Personal Information as well as our expenses related to the financial incentives offered and the operation of our business.  Based on our good faith estimate, we have determined that the aggregate value of the financial incentives we offer is reasonably related to the value we derive, directly or indirectly, from the Personal Information consumers collectively provide when participating in the activities to which the financial incentives relate. Your California Privacy Rights: A Notice to California Users (California Civil Code Section 1798.83) California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California residents asking about the business' practices related to disclosing Personal Information to Third Parties for the Third Parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternately, businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose Personal Information of California residents to Third Parties for the Third Parties' direct marketing purposes if the California resident has exercised an option to opt out of such information-sharing. We have such a policy in place. Any California residents may opt out of Edvisors disclosing your Personal Information with Third Parties for their direct marketing purposes using our Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information form. Do Not Sell My Personal Information (edvisors.com) Pursuant to California privacy law, registered users under 18 years of age may request to have content or information posted by the user removed from any of our online platforms. In order to effectuate removal of such content or information, you may reach us during regular business hours at (888) 972-1010. The removal of content does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted on any of our online platforms by the registered user. We do not advertise or market any of the products or services identified in Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code Chapter 22.1 Sec. 22580(i) to users we have actual knowledge are under 18 years of age. 10. Changing Our Privacy Policy Your use of any Site owned or operated by Edvisors indicates an acceptance of the terms of the Privacy Policy. Edvisors reserves the right to update or amend this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect our current privacy practices. Changes are effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy to the Site. If Edvisors decides to materially change this Privacy Policy, we may provide additional notice of the change such as through a prominent notice on the Site or by sending an email to registered users. 11. Retention We retain your Personal Information for as long as we have a relationship with you. We also retain your Personal Information for a period of time after our relationship with you has ended where there is an ongoing business need to retain it. This includes retention to comply with our legal, regulatory, tax, and/or accounting obligations. Generally, we retain Personal Information for a period of time after our relationship with you has ended, but the term for which we retain your Personal Information may be longer or shorter depending on our relationship with you. We do so in accordance with our data retention policies and applicable law. 12. Disputes; No Rights of Third Parties If you choose to access our Site or use any of our Services, any dispute over privacy is subject to our Terms of Use , including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the laws of the United States and the State of Nevada. This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by Third Parties. If you have a disability that prevents or limits your ability to access this Notice, our Customer Service team will make efforts to provide you with an accessible version. 13. Questions Regarding Our Privacy Practices If you still have questions, here are a few ways you can contact us: Phone (888) 972-1010 Email Privacy@Edvisors.com Edvisors Network, Inc. Attn: Customer Service 350 S. Rampart Blvd. Suite 200 Las Vegas, Nevada 89145 Disclaimer The information contained on this web site is provided for general informational and educational purposes and is not, nor intended to be, legal, financial or tax advice. The publisher is not authorized to practice in front of the IRS and is not subject to IRS Circular 230. This information is general in nature and may not apply to the specific circumstances of individual readers. No claims are made about the accuracy, timeliness or usefulness of the content contained on this web site or any site linked to this site. Users of this site should seek specific guidance directly from a qualified legal, financial or tax professional. Nothing contained on or provided through this site is intended to be or is to be used as a substitute for professional advice. Could You Be Saving More? Subscribe to Edvisors' Student LIFE Newsletter to receive up-to-date financial aid information and advice, explore scholarship opportunities, loan repayment options, and learn expert strategies on how to plan and pay for college. Newsletter Form Email Address * By clicking "Subscribe" I have read and agree to the Edvisors' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .
We strongly encourage you to read our Privacy Policy to understand how we use and share your information. Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter. We care about your privacy × This website uses cookies to offer you the most relevant marketing and targeted advertisements.  These cookies can collect information to personalize your experience and in some states are considered a sale of your personal information. You may exercise your right to opt out by clicking on deny cookies.  If you opt out, we or our partners will not be able to provide you with personalized ads and we will not provide your personal information to any third parties.   Please accept cookies for the optimal experience.  You can withdraw or modify your consent for non-essential cookies at any time by visiting Cookie Preference page . Accept Cookies Deny Cookies Ask the Edvisor Blog Contact Us Edvisors in the News Link to Us Newsletter Partners Press Student Aid FAQ Testimonials Tools and Calculators About Edvisors Video Resources Financial Terms Glossary Accessibility Statement Sitemap Disclaimer Notice of Collection Interest-Based Ads Cookie Settings Privacy Terms of Use Your Opt-out Rights Your Privacy Choices Edvisors provides expert advice on planning and paying for college. On Edvisors.com easily compare student loan lenders, learn how to apply for financial aid, and discover scholarships. Learn about federal and private student loans for students and parents, how and when to apply to college, and more! Edvisors (“Edvisors Network, Inc.”) provides independent advertising-supported platforms for consumers to search compare and apply for private student loans. Loan offers from participating lenders that appear on our websites are not affiliated with any college and/or universities, and there are no colleges and/or universities which endorse Edvisors’ products or services. Lender search results do not constitute an official college preferred lender list.  Edvisors receives compensation from lenders that appear on this site. This compensation may impact the placement of where lenders appear on this site, for example, the order in which the lenders appear when included in a list. Not all lenders participate in our sites and lenders that do participate may not offer loans to every school. Edvisors is not a lender and makes no representations or warranties about your eligibility for a particular loan or financial aid.  Lenders are solely responsible for any and all credit decisions, loan approval and rates, terms and other costs of the loan offered and may vary based upon the lender you select. Please check with your school or lender directly for information related to your personal eligibility. Edvisors has endeavored to provide accurate information. However, the results provided by lenders are for illustrative purposes only and accuracy is not guaranteed, as such, Edvisors assumes no responsibility for errors or omission in the information provided. Copyright © 1998-2023 by Edvisors Network, Inc. All rights reserved. All other trademarks and service marks displayed on Edvisors Network, Inc. websites  are the property of their respective owners. Edvisors Network, Inc. 350 S. Rampart Blvd, Suite 200, Las Vegas, NV 89145 Copyright © 2023 by Edvisors.com. All rights reserved.