Privacy Policy | BusinessWatch Network Blog MediaKit Whitepapers Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account 0 Training Pass Webinars Popular Upcoming Live Webinars All Upcoming Live Webinars Recorded Webinars Newsletters Subscribe Blog MediaKit Whitepapers Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account Training Pass Webinars Newsletters Subscribe Tech Watch Finance Watch Sales&Mktg Watch Exec Watch Mgmt Watch HR Watch MFG Watch Health Watch Tech Watch Webinars Finance Watch Webinars Sales&Mktg Watch Webinars Exec Watch Webinars Mgmt Watch Webinars HR Watch Webinars MFG Watch Webinars Health Watch Webinars Do not Sell my Personal Information Privacy Policy About Us Contact Us Media Kit Webinars Popular Upcoming Live Webinars All Upcoming Live Webinars Recorded Webinars <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-W9532BB"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> We use cookies to provide you with a better experience. Full functionality may not be available if cookies are denied. Your use of this website and your submission of information to BusinessWatch Network means you have agreed to BusinessWatch Network’s privacy policy . If you do not agree to the terms of the privacy policy or want to remove your information from BusinessWatch Network, please click here BusinessWatch Network Data Removal Form to unsubscribe from such data collection. California Residents please go to this section Privacy Notice For California Residents for more information. Accept Deny Blog MediaKit Whitepapers Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account 0 Training Pass Webinars Popular Upcoming Live Webinars All Upcoming Live Webinars Recorded Webinars Newsletters Subscribe Home » Privacy Policy Email Share Privacy Policy NOTICE OF DATA PRIVACY RIGHTS: It is BusinessWatch Network’s intent to follow applicable data privacy laws with regard to the privacy of an individual’s personal information. Your state’s laws may allow for accessing, correcting, and deletion of personal information, and any required opt-out options from our company’s data collection of personal information. If any consumer seeks to submit such an inquiry with BusinessWatch Network, please email at: support@bizwatchnetwork.com OPTING OUT OF DATA COLLECTION: You may opt out of BusinessWatch Network’s using your information, please go to this link: BusinessWatch Network Data Removal Form The BusinessWatch Network (owned by DMS Inc.), hereinafter referred to as “BWN”, is located in historic Marblehead Massachusetts , birthplace of the American Navy, founded 1629. Marblehead's contributions to the Constitutional freedoms we all enjoy are significant. The BusinessWatch Network is proud to continue to promote the freedoms our founding fathers held so dearly. If you have questions about our Privacy Notice - we can be reached via e-mail at BusinessWatch Network and by phone at (617) 318-6249. For each visitor to our web page and/or subscriber to our newsletter, our web server automatically recognizes the visitor/subscriber’s domain name and e-mail address where possible. We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our web page and/or subscribers to our newsletter, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumer's access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The BusinessWatch Network does not collect any Personally Identifiable Information from you except when you expressly volunteer the information and after you acknowledge your consent through the use of the website. This includes when you: Register for a seminar, become a Member, purchase or download a BusinessWatch Network product or service. Request information (electronically) about BusinessWatch Network products and services, subscribe to newsletters, or enter a promotional contest. Use or participate in various services or features made available on the Website (including, for example and without limitation, blogs and other user communities) Use various tools to select BusinessWatch Network products and services that are suitable for your website visit. Request contact with a BusinessWatch Network sales representative. Provide BusinessWatch Network with comments, questions or feedback about BusinessWatch Network products and services or your website experience. “Personally Identifiable Information” includes information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked with you or your household, and inferences from other personal information that could create a profile about your preferences and characteristics, for example, your name; home or business address; e-mail address; telephone, wireless and/or fax number; short message service or text message address or other wireless device address; instant messaging address; credit card and other payment information; employment information and work experience; demographic information and/or other information that may identify you as an individual or allow online or offline contact with you as an individual. Personal Identifiable Information does not include publicly available information that is from federal, state, or local government records, such as professional licenses and public real estate/property records. Some states may require opt-in consent that describes the category and purpose for collecting and processing the data. The consent will allow you to either consent or to deny consent. If required by law, we will include the details of any third-party involvement for sharing, disclosing, transferring, or selling the personal data and the categories and retention period of such data. A cookie is a piece of data that is stored on a visitor’s hard drive. These cookies do not identify, monitor or track any Personally Identifiable Information. BusinessWatch Network uses this information to analyze trends, track visitors' movements and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. If a visitor rejects the cookie, the visitor may be limited in some areas of the Website. Most Web browsers can be set to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie. You should consult your Web browser to choose the appropriate setting to accept or reject cookies. The information we collect is made available via the BusinessWatch Network subscriber to reputable organizations for purposes of assisting them in contacting business professionals subscribed to our Network. In addition, BusinessWatch Network uses various third-party service providers and third party provided services that use cookies which uses sophisticated cookie technology to measure site traffic and visitor behavior in aggregate. While these cookies remain on your hard drive after the conclusion of your site visit, they do not contain or collect any Personally Identifiable Information and do not read any other information on your computer’s hard drive. BusinessWatch Network may allow access to the BusinessWatch Network’s subscription opt-in e-mail, postal, telephone and fax list to reputable third-party organizations for purposes of delivering advertising to subscribers. BusinessWatch Network will make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that these third-party organizations are reputable. We may partner with advertising networks to assist them in presenting appropriate advertisements. We may share certain aggregate and non-personally identifiable information about our users in order to help deliver more relevant advertisements over their ad networks. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future or have your information made available via the BusinessWatch Network subscriber, simply let us know by visiting us at BusinessWatch Network Unsubscribe . Our information practices may change at some time in the future. Privacy Policy changes will be updated and noted on the Privacy Policy page. You have the ability to remove the data from BusinessWatch Network databases at any time by going to the BusinessWatch Network Data Removal Form . Unless otherwise required by law, we do not provide site visitors or subscribers with access to information that we have collected and maintain about them. Upon written request visitors may change the following: contact information, financial information, unique identifiers, transaction information, and communications that the visitor/subscriber has directed to the site. Visitors can manage their account preferences and their receipt of information at BusinessWatch Network . If you register for a seminar or pay for products and services using a credit card, Personally Identifiable Information (such as your name and shipping address) and financial information (such as your credit card number and expiration date) may be required. This information may be used for billing purposes and to fill orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information may be used to get in touch with you. The Personally Identifiable Information you give us via the website and information about your order may be combined with other Personally Identifiable Information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources (including, without limitation, our worldwide databases). This information may be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient and will help us to improve the operations and maintenance of our website and business. The BusinessWatch Network (owned by DMS, Inc.) has industry standard security measures in place to protect against the loss, theft, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected.  However, because the Internet is an open global communications vehicle, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our system or otherwise in our care, will be safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. BusinessWatch Network employs a double opt-in registration process, required in order to receive email communications per the CAN-SPAM Act. BusinessWatch Network does not send unsolicited email. Privacy Notice For California Residents This Privacy Notice for California Residents and extends and supplements BusinessWatch Network’s Privacy Policy and applies solely to visitors who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Notice for California Residents. The CCPA is a state statute intended to enhance privacy rights and consumer protection only for residents of California. NOTICE OF COLLECTION: We collect the following information that may identify, relate to, describe, reference, could be capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“Personal Information”). In particular, our website has collected the following categories of Personal Information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months: Category Collected A. Identifiers. YES B. Personal information categories listed in the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). YES C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. NO D. Commercial information. YES E. Biometric information. NO F. Internet or other similar network activity. YES G. Geolocation data. YES H. Sensory data. NO I. Professional or employment-related information. YES J. Inferences drawn from other Personal Information. YES Personal Information does not include publicly available information from government records, deidentified or aggregated consumer information, or information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like: Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; Personal Information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994. BusinessWatch Network obtains the following categories of Personal Information listed above from the following source: Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete on our website. Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our website. From third-party business partners such as marketing automation tools, social media sites, and analytics providers. USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION: We may use or disclose the Personal Information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to ask a question about our products or services, we will use that Personal Information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your Personal Information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns. To provide, support, personalize, and develop our website, products, and services. To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us. To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments, and prevent transactional fraud. To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses. To personalize your website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests. To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business. For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our website, products, and services. To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. As described to you when collecting your Personal Information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA. BusinessWatch Network will not collect additional categories of Personal Information or use the Personal Information we have collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION: BusinessWatch Network may disclose your Personal Information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose Personal Information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that Personal Information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. We share your Personal Information with the following categories of third parties: Service providers, such as payment processors and accounting services Data aggregators, such as Google Analytics YOUR RIGHTS FOR DELETION AND OPT OUT PROCESS: If you are a California resident and wish to be removed from our database pursuant to CCPA regulatory requirements, please go to the link “ For California Residents Only – Do Not Sell My Personal Information ”, which is located on the first page of our website and can be accessed here . For more information regarding the CCPA Act see https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa . There are some exceptions to the opt-out right. Common reasons why we may refuse to stop selling your personal information include: If a sale is necessary for the business to comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims If the personal information is certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA See California’s Civil Code section 1798.145 for more exceptions. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to: Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.). Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. Comply with a legal obligation. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. RIGHT TO KNOW: California Residents may request that BusinessWatch Network disclose to you what personal information it has collected, used, shared, or sold about you, and why they collected, used, shared, or sold that information. To submit such a request, please email support@bizwatchnetwork.com, or call (617) 318-6249. BusinessWatch Network will respond to your request within 45 calendar days, or up to 90 days if we notify you that an extension is necessary, and in accordance with CCPA. NON-DISCRIMINATION STATEMENT: BusinessWatch Network will not deny or provide a different level or quality of services just because you exercised your rights under the CCPA. Specifically, we will not: Deny you goods or services. Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your Personal Information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE: BusinessWatch Network reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Notice at its discretion and at any time. If such changes are material, we will post the updated Privacy Notice on our website along with its effective date. Your continued use of our website after such notification and/or posting of the updated privacy Notice constitutes your acceptance of such changes. CONTACT INFORMATION: If you have any questions, please contact us as follows: Phone: (617) 318-6249 Email: support@bizwatchnetwork.com Mailing Address: Privacy Support Manager, BusinessWatch Network, 200 Portland St., Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02114. EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS UPDATED POLICY: 02/11/22 Do not Sell my Personal Information Privacy Policy About Us Contact Us Media Kit Copyright ©2023. All Rights Reserved Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing ★ Reviews Popup content starts Reviews by close Popup These are real reviews from real shoppers 4.4 star rating 399 Reviews Site Reviews Product Reviews WRITE A REVIEW * Indicates a required field * Score: * Title: * Review: You are connected as Connect with: -OR- * Use your name: * Email: Review's title & body can't be empty Question's body can't be empty Please enter a star rating for this review Name field cannot be empty Invalid email Your review has already been submitted. Max length was exceeded Please fill out all of the mandatory (*) fields One or more of your answers does not meet the required criteria Thank you for posting a review! We value your input. Share your review so everyone else can enjoy it too. share share share Thank you for posting a review! Your review was sent successfully and is now waiting for our staff to publish it. Verified Reviewer 0.0 star rating 03/28/23 Review by Anonymous User On share '  Share Review by Anonymous User facebook facebook  Share Review by Anonymous User twitter twitter  Share Review by Anonymous User LinkedIn linkedin  Share Review by Anonymous User 03/28/23 Was this review helpful? 0 0 M Melissa Verified Buyer 5.0 star rating 11/21/22 The webinar was very dynamic Review by Melissa on 21 Nov 2022 review stating The webinar was very dynamic The webinar was very dynamic and the pace was great for keeping me engaged as a learner. I appreciated the examples and the ability for us to try out the principles being discussed. On Write It So They Read It: Business Writing Secrets That Get Results share '  Share Review by Melissa on 21 Nov 2022 facebook facebook  Share Review by Melissa on 21 Nov 2022 twitter twitter  Share Review by Melissa on 21 Nov 2022 LinkedIn linkedin  Share Review by Melissa on 21 Nov 2022 11/21/22 Was this review helpful? 0 0 C Carolyn Verified Buyer 5.0 star rating 11/18/22 This was one of the Review by Carolyn on 18 Nov 2022 review stating This was one of the This was one of the best webinars I have ever attended. It provided practical insights that I was able to start using right away. I will be changing the practices around how I develop PowerPoints. Highly recommend this On Presenting Like a Pro in Remote Situations share '  Share Review by Carolyn on 18 Nov 2022 facebook facebook  Share Review by Carolyn on 18 Nov 2022 twitter twitter  Share Review by Carolyn on 18 Nov 2022 LinkedIn linkedin  Share Review by Carolyn on 18 Nov 2022 11/18/22 Was this review helpful? 0 0 S Sue Verified Buyer 5.0 star rating 11/17/22 A good mix of information Review by Sue on 17 Nov 2022 review stating A good mix of information A good mix of information to build confidence. On Presenting Like a Pro in Remote Situations share '  Share Review by Sue on 17 Nov 2022 facebook facebook  Share Review by Sue on 17 Nov 2022 twitter twitter  Share Review by Sue on 17 Nov 2022 LinkedIn linkedin  Share Review by Sue on 17 Nov 2022 11/17/22 Was this review helpful? 0 0 M Michelle Verified Buyer 5.0 star rating 11/17/22 Loved it! Review by Michelle on 17 Nov 2022 review stating Loved it! Loved it! On Presenting Like a Pro in Remote Situations share '  Share Review by Michelle on 17 Nov 2022 facebook facebook  Share Review by Michelle on 17 Nov 2022 twitter twitter  Share Review by Michelle on 17 Nov 2022 LinkedIn linkedin  Share Review by Michelle on 17 Nov 2022 11/17/22 Was this review helpful? 0 0 S Stewart Verified Buyer 5.0 star rating 11/17/22 Excellent Review by Stewart on 17 Nov 2022 review stating Excellent Excellent presentation, very useful insights, tips, and tricks. Very engaging. On Presenting Like a Pro in Remote Situations share '  Share Review by Stewart on 17 Nov 2022 facebook facebook  Share Review by Stewart on 17 Nov 2022 twitter twitter  Share Review by Stewart on 17 Nov 2022 LinkedIn linkedin  Share Review by Stewart on 17 Nov 2022 11/17/22 Was this review helpful? 0 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Reviews by Popup content ends