Full Data Privacy Compliance - Audiencerate <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PD5275T" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Skip to content Audiencerate appoints Filippo Gramigna as new CEO Find out more Solutions Brands Agencies Data Providers Publishers Products Data Onboarding Data Marketplace Audiencerate Data Audiencerate CDP Partnerships Google Data Partnership Distribution Partnerships Data Partners Technology Partners Privacy Resources Case Studies Our Audiences Blog About Us Who We Are Careers News Contact Us Menu Solutions Brands Agencies Data Providers Publishers Products Data Onboarding Data Marketplace Audiencerate Data Audiencerate CDP Partnerships Google Data Partnership Distribution Partnerships Data Partners Technology Partners Privacy Resources Case Studies Our Audiences Blog About Us Who We Are Careers News Contact Us LOGIN Audiencerate Partners with Equativ Find out more Solutions Brands Agencies Data Providers Publishers Products Data Onboarding Data Marketplace Audiencerate Data Audiencerate CDP Partnerships Google Data Partnership Distribution Partnerships Data Partners Technology Partners Privacy Resources Case Studies Our Audiences Blog About Us Who We Are Careers News Contact Us Menu Solutions Brands Agencies Data Providers Publishers Products Data Onboarding Data Marketplace Audiencerate Data Audiencerate CDP Partnerships Google Data Partnership Distribution Partnerships Data Partners Technology Partners Privacy Resources Case Studies Our Audiences Blog About Us Who We Are Careers News Contact Us LOGIN Solutions Brands Agencies Data Providers Publishers Products Data Onboarding Data Marketplace Audiencerate Data Audiencerate CDP Partnerships Google Data Partnership Distribution Partnerships Data Partners Technology Partners Privacy Resources Case Studies Our Audiences Blog About Us Who We Are Careers News Contact Us Menu Solutions Brands Agencies Data Providers Publishers Products Data Onboarding Data Marketplace Audiencerate Data Audiencerate CDP Partnerships Google Data Partnership Distribution Partnerships Data Partners Technology Partners Privacy Resources Case Studies Our Audiences Blog About Us Who We Are Careers News Contact Us LOGIN Solutions Brands Agencies Data Providers Publishers Products Data Onboarding Data Marketplace Audiencerate Data Audiencerate CDP Partnerships Google Data Partnership Distribution Partnerships Data Partners Technology Partners Privacy Resources Case Studies Our Audiences Blog About Us Who We Are Careers News Contact Us Menu Solutions Brands Agencies Data Providers Publishers Products Data Onboarding Data Marketplace Audiencerate Data Audiencerate CDP Partnerships Google Data Partnership Distribution Partnerships Data Partners Technology Partners Privacy Resources Case Studies Our Audiences Blog About Us Who We Are Careers News Contact Us Linkedin-in Twitter Facebook Youtube Full Data Privacy Compliance Home Full Data Privacy Compliance Full Data Privacy Compliance Full Data Privacy Compliance Privacy compliance is at the heart of everything we do Data processing of Digital advertising Types of data processed Cross Device Linking and Cross App Advertising Processing methods and data retentions timing Cookies Policy What are cookies? Types of Cookies What types of cookies do we use in our clients websites? What types of cookies do we use in our websites? Who How to manage cookies and oppose to their use Data Processing of Our Website Data sources How will we use your personal information and what services will we provide you? Data transfers and international transfers Retentions periods and cookies Your rights Nai Opt Out PRIVACY POLICY 3/27/2023 Privacy compliance is at the heart of everything we do Dear Visitor (hereinafter, “You” or the ‘”User”), This Privacy and Cookies Policy (www.audiencerate.co.uk/privacypolicy) (hereinafter, the “ Page ” and “ Policy ”) is provided by the company Audiencerate Ltd , having its registered office in 7 Bell Yard, London, WC2A 2JR, England, VAT No. and Fiscal Code No. GB115691515, registered with the Company Register of London under No. 8164319406 (hereinafter, “ We ” or the “ Company ”, or the “ Controller ”). The Privacy Policy, in compliance with the applicable Privacy Regulations, hereby explains to You how We collect such data, for which purposes and what your rights are. We take into the upmost account our users’ rights and protection of personal data. For any information related to this Policy, users may contact us at any time, using the following methods: By sending a registered letter with return receipt to the registered office of the Company: 7 Bell Yard, London, WC2A 2JR, England By sending an e-mail to privacy@audiencerate.com You can also contact our Data Protection Officer (RPD or DPO) of the Company, by sending an e-mail to dpo@audiencerate.com Audiencerate is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and we adhere to the NAI Codes of Conduct. To learn more about the NAI and the Code of Conduct please visit: http://www.networkadvertising.org/code-enforcement/code Data processing of Digital advertising Our Company carries out the activity of digital advertising and we are a third party in relation to the website and/or a mobile app/website where you are coming from (the “Third Party Data Source”). Our role is to help advertisers in providing more relevant advertising to users: for example, a user that visits travel sites often, will be categorized in a “travel lover” group, in such way he will be served advertisements that could be interesting for him. Since, when you visit the Third Party Data Source, we install profile cookies on your browser and we may deliver some service with them; we hereby aim at explaining the processing of data that we perform. Types of data processed During this process we may collect and process your personal data by using cookies and identifiers. We process only pseudonymous data, and the data stored are limited to information collected about your visits on websites, your tastes, behavioral and positions. We may collect: a Platform ID (an identifier that allows us to supply our services) IP address Url visited (as the Third Party Data Source) Time, hour and location Browser and version of the browser Cookie ID of our platform’s partners This personal data will be processed on the basis of the explicit consent provided by you as data subject. As explained below, you can withdraw the consent given to us or to other Third Party Data Sources. We may also engage third party processors on the collection of your data, such as company providing user sync services. Cross Device Linking and Cross App Advertising We may also link multiple devices that you use, always in a pseudonymous way, also in partnership with technologies similar to cookies that may operate in environments that do not support cookies, like mobile applications. Our linking process could be done using cross-site, cross-browser and cross-platform technologies. This process links your activity between different websites, browsers and platforms. Please note that we never directly collect personal data from mobile applications. When we process a mobile advertising ID, such as an Apple Advertising ID (IDFA) or an Android Advertising ID (GAID), we do it on behalf of partners that have authorized us by using our onboarding data process. For more information about the type of personal data processed and how to opt out, please see our Cookies information below. Processing methods and data retentions timing As highlighted above, we collect and process certain personal data by using cookies. We act as a data controller regarding that personal information, in compliance with the provisions of the applicable Privacy Regulations. Please, note that we will process your data with electronic instruments only, which means the use of automatized processes without any human intervention. Therefore, our employees and co-workers will never access the content of your personal data obtained by the cookies. However, certain employees and co-workers, who we have appointed as persons in charge of the processing, could make maintenance operations on IT systems that host your data. This will be executed without them having the possibility to access the IT system actual contents. The personal data could be stored on servers managed by third parties (for example, providers of IT systems) or managed by online marketing specialized subjects, acting as external data processors on the basis of a specific written appointment by the Company. We hereby inform you that your personal data could eventually be transferred to Countries outside the European Economic Union that have not been granted an Adequacy Decision by the European Commission. In those cases, we take into the utmost consideration the security and protection of users’ personal data; therefore, we will implement the necessary contractual, organizational and technical safeguards in order to pursue an equivalent level of personal data protection as the one provided in the European Union. Your personal data will only be stored when it is strictly necessary to carry out the purposes described in this Policy and never more than 90 days; or, in any case, for the protection of the right and interests of both, the users and the Company, and in order to comply with our legal obligations no longer than 12 months after the personal data is no needed for the above-mentioned purposes. Also, we may share your personal data with third parties or partners in accordance with this Policy, as well as with judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, orders, or if we merge with or are acquired by a third party, or pursuant to bankruptcy proceedings. COOKIE POLICY Audiencerate Ltd (the “ Company ” or “ we ”), directly or via a third party contracted for providing measurement services, may use cookies and other similar mechanisms for storing and retrieving data from terminals (“ cookies “) when you browse the Website to allow and facilitate your interaction with the Website. The statistics services (own and third-party) used by the Website may use cookies for the purposes of establishing metrics and usage patterns of the Website. The use of cookies lets the server on which the Website is hosted recognise your web browser and know your connection IP address, source (URL), use time, browsing history and preferences so as to make your browsing more straightforward and allow, for example, access if you have previously registered, and access to areas, services, promotions or competitions reserved exclusively for you without you having to log in on each visit. Cookies are also used to measure the audience and traffic parameters and to track the trend and number of visits. Additionally, we carry out the activity of digital advertising and we are a third party in relation to the website and/or a mobile app/website where you are coming from (the “Third Party Data Source”). Our role is to help advertisers in providing more relevant advertising to users: for example, a user that visits travel sites often, will be categorized in a “travel lover” group, in such way he will be served advertisements that could be interesting for him. Since, when you visit the Third Party Data Source, we install profile cookies on your browser and we may deliver some service with them; we hereby aim at explaining the processing of data that we perform. What are cookies? Cookies are small text files that the websites visited by a user send directly to its terminal (usually, to the browser), where they are memorised to be transmitted to the same websites during the next visit (the so called first party cookies). During the web surfing of a website, a user may receive on its terminal also third-party cookies; this happens because there may be elements on the visited website, such as images, maps, sounds, links to specific web pages of other domains that are on servers other than the server on which the requested page is placed. In other words, such cookies are set up on a website other than the one that is currently visited. Cookies are useful for several reasons. From a technical point of view, they allow web pages to work more efficiently and adapted to the User’s preferences, such as storing their language or the currency of their country. In addition, they help those responsible for the websites to improve the services they offer, thanks to the statistical information they collect through them all. Finally, they help to make the advertising we display more efficient. Types of Cookies By entity managing the domain First-party cookies Third-party cookies By Expiry Persistent cookies Session Cookies By Purpose Personalisation cookies Analytics cookies Technical cookies Behavioural advertising cookies What types of cookies do we use in our clients websites? Profiling cookies are used to create a user’s profile, based on the preferences and likings showed by them during the navigation on Internet, and to make display advertisings consistent with their profile. In such way, the advertisings that displayed on the Third Party Data Source and the other websites that host our cookies could be more of interesting to you. User’s prior consent is requested in order to install such cookies, as provided pursuant the current Privacy Regulations. For such a reason, when users access the Third Party Data Source a specific banner is displayed, informing them about the used on the Third Party Data Source and asking for their consent for the installation, for example by requesting them to click on a specific acceptance button. For further information, please read our Policy and the third parties’ privacy and cookies policies. You are free to block the installation of profiling cookies, at any time, and this will not compromise, in any manner, the possibility to visit the Third Party Data Source and benefit of its contents. Our profiling cookies are installed directly by the Company. Such cookies are persistent cookies and have a maximum duration of 12 months. The Third Party profiling cookies used in other websites are the specified in the following table: Name Cookie’s category arcki2 Third party profiling cookie For disabling the profiling cookies please amend your browser’s settings or use the following webpage Opt out The third parties that act as independent Data Controllers thought our technology are specified in the following table, together with the link to their policies: Third Party Cookie’s category Link to the policy Double Click Third party profiling cookie https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/2839090?hl=it Adform Third party profiling cookie https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/website-privacy/website-privacy-policy/ Throtle Third party profiling cookie https://www.throtle.io/privacy/ ID5 Third party profiling cookie https://id5.io/privacy-policy What types of cookies do we use in our websites? Analysis Cookies: Are those cookies that, treated by us or by third parties, allow us to quantify the number of users and thus perform the measurement and statistical analysis of the use made by users of the service offered. To do this, we analyze your browsing on our website in order to improve the offer of products or services we offer you. Behavioural advertising cookies: these are cookies designed and used to manage, in the most efficient manner as possible, the advertising spaces that, where appropriate, have been included in the website, application of platform from which it provides the service requested. These cookies store information on the user’s behaviour obtained through the continuous observation of their browsing habits, which allows a specific profile to be developed to display advertising according to the said behaviour. Technical Cookies: these are essential and strictly necessary for the correct functioning of a web portal and the use of the different options and services it offers. List of cookies by controller: Controlled by Editor Technical Cookies Property Cookie Purpose Term audiencerate.com _gali Cookie required to use website options and services Sesión audiencerate.com cookielawinfocheckboxadvertisement Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com cookielawinfocheckbox-analytics Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com cookielawinfocheckbox-functional Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com cookielawinfocheckbox-necessary Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com cookielawinfocheckbox-others Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com cookielawinfocheckboxperformance Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com CookieLawInfoConse nt Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com fs_uid Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com viewed_cookie_polic y Used to remember preferences with regards to the established Cookies Policy in a year Analysis Cookies Property Cookie Purpose Term All audiencerate.com _ga ID used to identify users in 2 years audiencerate.com _gat Used to monitor number of Google Analytics server requests when using Google Tag Manager Sesión audiencerate.com _gid ID used to identify users for 24 hours after last activity in 22 hours audiencerate.com ajs_anonymous_id Used for Analytics and help count how many people visit a certain site by tracking if you have visited before in a year audiencerate.com ajs_group_id Track visitor usage and events within the website in a year Third Party Cookies Editor Privacy Policy Google Analytics https://privacy.google.com/take-control.html Who are the recipients of the information? Where are they located? The information collected through Cookies may be used both by the Company and by third-party collaborating companies, such as advertising network operators and agents and/or advertises, for the purposes described in the previous section. Some of these third-parties may be located in third countries whose legislation does not offer an equivalent level of data protection; however, the User may consult the appropriate guarantees they offer to ensure that international transfers of data are carried out taking into account the rights and freedoms of the data subjects. The User can find out more about these third-parties, as well as the types of cookies they install, the purposes for which they process the data, the guarantees they offer to carry out international transfers, the retention periods, and how preferences can be configured with respect to them, through their privacy policies. In any case, the Company is not liable for the accuracy and content of the privacy policies offered by such third parties on their websites. How to manage cookies and oppose to their use There are several options to manage, disable and remove the cookies. (1) Modify your browser settings Please follow the instructions provided by your browser’s producer to discover how to manage, disable or remove all the cookies (technical, analytics and profiling): • Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d • Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en • Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/websites-say-cookies-are-blocked-unblock-them#w_clear-all-cookies-and-the-cache • Safari: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari • Opera: https://help.opera.com/en/latest/web-preferences/ Please be careful in making your choice. Indeed, by blocking the receipt of all the cookies indiscriminately, including the technical ones, without providing a specific exception for the Third Party Data Source, you might be no more able to surf on the Third Party Data Source or to benefit, in whole or in part, of its functionalities. Furthermore, removing all the cookies from the browser, also the technical cookies could be removed and, therefore, you could remove the preferences set up by using the Third Party Data Source or no more find products or services included in your basket. When you opt out, we will place an opt out cookie on your computer. This cookie tells us not to collect your information. Please note that if you block, delete or restrict cookies in any way, or if you use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt out choice. To effectively opt out users must opt out on every device and browser using our opt out methods described below. (2) Use our interactive instruments In order to disable the first part profiling cookies, which means those installed directly by us, you can simply use the use the following webpage: Opt out (2a) Or NAI opt out instrument. http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ (3) Mobile opt out As for any data collected through mobile application, you may autonomously deactivate the use of the advertising identifier (ID) of your Device, depending on the model, as illustrated below: Apple: https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT205223 Android: https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/3129346?hl=en Or following these instructions: http://www.networkadvertising.org/ mobile-choice. These changes only apply to the browser via which you are currently connected. To delete cookies in other devices, you must follow the process described in those devices. Data Processing of our Website What information will we collect from you? Data you provide directly to us We collect information about you when you contact us though the channels provided for this purpose, such as the register or contact form. When you contact us through these channels, we will ask for your consent to obtain your email address, your mail, name and surname, your country and the type of company you work for. All the fields marked with an asterisk (*) in the forms provided will be mandatory, the omission of any of them could lead to the impossibility of us being able to provide the services requested. You must provide truthful information, and it is forbidden to impersonate anyone or to use an alias or anonymous name. You may not, when providing any information that may be requested from you, choose expressions that are offensive, coinciding with brands, tradenames, names or pseudonyms of public figures or celebrities for whose use you are not authorized. It is essential that you keep your reference data, passwords and access codes generated at all times. You will be solely responsible for the use of your personal account, and in this respect, you undertake to make diligent use of this information, not to make it available to third parties, and to inform us, without delay, of its loss or theft. In order to ensure that the information provided is always up to date and free of errors, you must notify Audiencerate as soon as possible of any changes to your personal data by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address privacy@audiencerate.com . Likewise, by clicking on the “I accept” (or equivalent) button incorporated in the aforementioned forms, you declare that the information and data you have provided are accurate and truthful. Data obtained indirectly When you browse, different cookies and other tracking devices may be installed on your device, as explained in this Policy. Data sources We consider that all the data processed by Audiencerate has been provided to us freely. In the event that the personal data provided is from a third person, you guarantee that you have informed them of this Privacy Policy and have obtained their authorisation to provide the data to Audiencerate for the purposes indicated above. You also guarantee that the information provided is accurate and up to date, and you are responsible for any direct or indirect damage or harm that may be caused as a result of non-compliance with this obligation. How will we use your personal information and what services will we provide you? Use of personal informations Audiencerate acts as the controller of the personal data for the following purposes: Based on the management of the contractual or precontractual relationship. To manage the acquisition of the products that we offer on our Website and to attend to any type of incident or request derived from the same, and carry out any management related to the shipment or after-sales service. To manage your registration as a user on our website, as well as allow your access to the private area. To provide you with the services you have requested and to attend to your requests for information, as well as to facilitate the exercise of your rights. Based on the existence of a legitimate interest of Audiencerate. To keep you informed about the products and services of Audiencerate, as well as to send you news, events and other activities that we carry out in Audiencerate, by conventional and/or electronic means (e-mails, SMS, …), related to the products or services that we carry out and that may be of your interest. To carry out periodic reviews of our services and carry out satisfaction surveys in order to evaluate and improve the quality of the service we provide. Carry out internal reviews and, if necessary, contact the client in the event that a possible fraud or identity theft is detected or there are well-founded suspicions. On the basis of the explicit, free and unequivocal consent that you give us at the time of collecting your data. Carry out segmentation and profiling tasks according to your interests and through the analysis of the use of the offered services, such as browsing history, in order to adapt the offers and promotions to each client, offering personalized services and information. To keep you informed about Audiencerate’s products and services and provided that you have given us your explicit consent to do so, by conventional and/or electronic means (emails, SMS, …). However, if you do not wish your data to be processed for any of these purposes, you may object at any time by contacting as at privacy@audiencerate.com , as indicated in the Rights Management section of this Privacy Policy. Data transfers and international transfers All transfers of personal data that we carry out are necessary for the fulfilment of the above-mentioned purposes, or are made in order to fulfil a legal obligation: To public administrations and the administration of justice, and to law enforcement agencies in compliance with the legal obligations applicable to us. Companies providing IT services, tools or IT infrastructure on which the services provided by Audiencerate are based, such as hosting providers, CRMs, emailing service companies, etc. In this regard, we inform you that any transfer will be made taking into account all the necessary legal safeguards. We also guarantee that we sign specific contracts with all our service providers as established by the regulations. Furthermore, Audiencerate guarantees that the necessary safeguards are in place to ensure that the data can be transferred securely, either because the provider offers adequate guarantees, through the signing of Standard Contractual Clauses of the European Commission, or any of the exceptions contained in the regulations. Data retention periods and cookies We will only keep your data for as long as necessary to provide you with these services. Any of the data you provide us through the channels will be blocked as long as they are no longer necessary to manage the service and will only be available if there is a legal obligation (derived from a request from the appropriate authorities) and when you exercise your rights here. Regarding the personal data obtained through the Audiencerate’s channels, Audiencerate uses Cookies according to the Cookies Policy that you can consult here. Your rights In order to exercise your rights, or to obtain any other information or clarification in relation to this Privacy Policy, please contact the Company by means of: registered letter with return receipt to the following address: Winnington House 2 Woodberry Grove North Finchley N12 0DR, London. Sending an e-mail to the following address: privacy@audiencerate.com We inform you that you will be able to exercise the following rights: In case you are a European citizen and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), applies to you, we inform you that you will be able to exercise the following rights: right to access to your personal data to know which are being processed and the processing operations carried out with them. Right to rectify any inaccurate personal data. Right to erasure of your personal data, where this is possible. The right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. The right to object to automated decision making. Right to object to the processing of your personal data when the legal basis that enables us to process is the legitimate interest. Right to the portability of your data, when the legal basis that enables us to process your data, ais the existence of a contractual relationship or consent. Right to withdraw the consent granted to Audiencerate. 2. If you are a Californian consumer and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) are applicable to you; we inform you that you may exercise the following rights: The right to know what personal information is being collected and the right of access to such information. The right to correct inaccurate personal information. The right to know what personal information is sold or shared and to whom. The right to delete your personal information, when possible. The right to opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties, through the cookies banner by clicking on “Do not sell my personal information” or by using the opt-out options indicated at the end of this policy. The right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information. 3. If you are a consumer in the state of Colorado and the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA) applies to you, you may exercise the following rights: The right to opt out of the processing for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer. We inform you that this right may be exercise , through the cookies banner by clicking on “Do not sell my personal information” or by using the opt-out options indicated at the end of this policy. The right of access. The right to correction. The right to deletion. The right to data portability. 4. If you are a consumer in the state of Connecticut, and the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTPDA) applies to you, you may exercise the following rights: The right to confirm whether or not Audiencerate is processing your data and access such personal data. The right to correct inaccuracies. The right to delete your personal information, when possible. The right to obtain a copy of your data. The right to opt-out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. We inform you that this right may be exercise through the cookies banner by clicking on “Do not sell my personal information” or by using the opt-out options indicated at the end of this policy. 5. If you are a consumer in the state of Utah and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) applies to you, you may exercise the following rights: Right to confirm whether Audiencerate is processing your data; and access to your personal data Right to delete your personal data. Right to obtain a copy of your data. Right to opt out of the processing for the purposes of targeted advertising, or the sale of personal data. We inform you that this right may be exercise, through the cookies banner by clicking on “Do not sell my personal information” or by using the opt-out options indicated at the end of this policy. 6. If you are a consumer in the state of Virginia and the Consumer Data Protection Act (CDPA) applies to you, you may exercise the following rights: The right to confirm whether or nt Audiencerate is processing your data, and access to your personal data. The right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data. The right to your personal data. The right to obtain a copy of your personal data. The right to opt-out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. We inform you that this right may be exercise, through the cookies banner by clicking on “Do not sell my personal information” or by using the opt-out options indicated at the end of this policy. Additionally, if you believe that the processing of your personal data violates any of the applicable Privacy Regulations, you have the right to lodge a complaint before the competent Supervisory Authority. We are dedicated to the security of your information. In order to prevent unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure of personal data, we have undertaken appropriate technical and physical measures and management processes to safeguard and secure the information we collect from you. We may update this Privacy Policy and its version/effective date to reflect changes to our data governance practices. If we propose to make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this page prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. Audiencerate Opt Out Opt-in Opt-out Not opted in Nai Opt Out You can also use NAI opt out tool to set your preference which will prevent Audiencerate or any other NAI member from creating interest data based on information collected from that browser. Opt Out from the NAI PRIVACY POLICY Privacy compliance is at the heart of everything we do Dear Visitor (hereinafter, “You” or the ‘”User”), This Privacy Policy ( www.audiencerate.co.uk/privacypolicy ) (hereinafter, the “Page” and “Privacy Policy”) is provided by the company Audiencerate Ltd, having its registered office in Winnington House 2 Woodberry Grove North Finchley N12 0DR, London, VAT No. and Fiscal Code No. GB115691515, registered with the Company Register of London under No. 8164319406 (hereinafter, “We” or the “Company”, or the “Controller”). The Privacy Policy, pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 2016/679, General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), hereby explains to You how We collect such data, for which purposes and what your rights are. The Controller takes the utmost account of the right to privacy and protection of personal data of its Users. For any information related to this Privacy Policy, Users may contact the Controller at any time, using the following methods: – By sending a registered letter with return receipt to the registered office of the Company – By sending an e-mail to privacy@audiencerate.com You can also contact the Data Protection Officer (RPD or DPO) of the Company, whose contact details are shown below: mail dpo@audiencerate.com. Audiencerate is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and we adhere to the NAI Codes of Conduct. To learn more about the NAI and the Code of Conduct please visit: http://www.networkadvertising.org/code-enforcement/code Data processing of Digital advertising Our Company carries on the activity of digital advertising and we are a third party in relation to the website and/or a mobile app/website where you are coming from (the “Third Party Data Source”). Our role is to help advertisers in providing more relevant advertising to users, for example, a user that visits travel sites often, will be categorized in a “travel lover” group, in such way he will be served advertisements that could be interesting for him. Since, when you visit the Third Party Data Source, we install profile cookies on your browser and we may deliver some service with them; we hereby aim at explaining the processing of data that we perform. Types of data processed During this process the Company may collect and process your personal data by means of cookies and identifiers. We process only pseudonymous data, the data stored are limited to information collected about your visits on websites, your tastes, behavioral and positions. a Platform ID (an identifier that allows us to supply our services) IP address Url visited (as the Third Party Data Source) Time, hour and location Browser and version of the browser Cookie ID of our platform’s partners This personal data will be process on the basis of the explicit consent provided by you as data subject. As explained below, you can withdraw the consent given to us or to other Third Party Data Sources. The Company may also engage third party processors on the collection of your data, such as company providing user sync services. Cross Device Linking and Cross App Advertising We may also link multiple devices used by you, always in a pseudonymous way, also in partnership with technologies similar to cookies that may operate in environments that do not support cookies, like mobile applications. Our linking process could be done using cross-site, cross-browser and cross-platform technologies. This process link your activity between different websites, browsers and platforms. Please note that we never collect directly personal data from mobile applications. When we process a mobile advertising ID, such as an Apple Advertising ID (IDFA) or an Android Advertising ID (GAID); we do it on behalf of partners that have authorized us by using our onboarding data process. For more information about the type of personal data processed and how to opt out, please see our Cookies Policy. Processing methods and data retentions timing As highlighted above, the Company collects and process certain personal data by means of the cookies. The Company acts as data controller of such data, in compliance with the provisions of the applicable Privacy Laws. Please note that we will process your data with electronic instruments only, this involves the use of automatized means without any human intervention. Therefore, our employees and coworkers will never access the content of your personal data obtained by means of cookies. However, certain employees and coworkers, appointed by us as persons in charge of the processing, could make maintenance operations on IT systems that host your data. This will be executed without them having the possibility to access the IT system actual contents. The personal data could be stored on servers managed by third parties (for example, providers of IT systems) or may be managed by online marketing specialized subjects, acting as external data processors on the basis of a specific written appointment by the Company. We hereby inform you that your personal data could eventually be transferred to Countries outside the European Economic Union that have not been granted an Adequacy Decision by the European Commission. In doing so, we take the utmost account of the security and protection of personal data of our Users; therefore we will provide the personal data with the due contractual, organizational and technical safeguards in order to pursue an equivalent level of protection to the personal data as the one provided to personal data in the European Union. Your personal data will only be stored for the time strictly necessary to carry out the primary purposes described in this statement; or, in any case, for the protection of the rights and interests of both, the Users and the Company, no longer than 12 months after the personal data is no longer needed for the above-mentioned purposes. In addition to that, we may share your personal data with third parties or partners in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as well as pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, orders, or if we merge with or are acquired by a third party, or pursuant to bankruptcy proceedings. COOKIE POLICY Audiencerate Ltd (the “Company”), directly or via a third party contracted for providing measurement services, may use cookies and other similar mechanisms for storing and retrieving data from terminals (“cookies”) when you browse the Website to allow and facilitate your interaction with the Website. The statistics services (own and third-party) used by the Website may use cookies for the purposes of establishing metrics and usage patterns of the Website. The use of cookies lets the server on which the Website is hosted recognise your web browser and know your connection IP address, source (URL), use time, browsing history and preferences so as to make your browsing more straightforward and allow, for example, access if you have previously registered, and access to areas, services, promotions or competitions reserved exclusively for you without you having to log in on each visit. Cookies are also used to measure the audience and traffic parameters and to track the trend and number of visits. Additionally, Audience Rate carries on the activity of digital advertising and we are a third party in relation to the website and/or a mobile app/website where you are coming from (the “Third Party Data Source”). Our role is to help advertisers in providing more relevant advertising to users, for example, a user that visits travel sites often, will be categorized in a “travel lover” group, in such way he will be served advertisements that could be interesting for him. Since, when you visit the Third Party Data Source, we install profile cookies on your browser and we may deliver some service with them; we hereby aim at explaining the processing of data that we perform. What are cookies? The cookies are small text files that the websites visited by a user send directly to its terminal (usually, to the browser), where they are memorised to be transmitted to the same websites at the following visit of the same by the same user (the so called proprium first part cookies). During the web surfing of a website, a user may receive on its terminal also cookies of other websites or of other web servers (the so called third parties cookies); this happens because there may be elements on the visited website, such as images, maps, sounds, links to specific web pages of other domains that are on servers other than the server on which the requested page is placed. In other words, such cookies are set up on a website other than the one that is currently visited. Cookies are useful for several reasons. From a technical point of view, they allow web pages to work more efficiently and adapted to the User’s preferences, such as storing their language or the currency of their country. In addition, they help those responsible for the websites to improve the services they offer, thanks to the statistical information they collect through them all. Finally, they help to make the advertising we display more efficient. Types of Cookies By entity managing the domain First-party cookies Third-party cookies By expiry Session cookies Persistent cookies By purpose Technical cookies Personalisation cookies Analytics cookies Advertising cookies Behavioural advertising cookies Social network cookies What types of cookies do we use in our clients websites? Profiling cookies are used to create a user’s profile, based on the preferences and likings showed by You during the navigation on Internet and to make You display advertisings consistent with your profile. In such way, the advertisings that You will display on the Third Party Data Source and the other websites that host our cookies could be more of interesting to you. Your prior consent is requested in order to install such cookies, as provided pursuant the current Privacy Law. For such a reason, when you access the Third Party Data Source a specific banner is displayed, informing you that (i) profiling cookies are used on the Third Party Data Source and that (ii) closing the banner, surfing on the home page or clicking whatever element on the home page outside the banner, You are giving your consent to the use of cookies. In some cases the Third Party Data Source may ask you to give an explicit consent to the storing of these cookies, for example by requesting you to click on a specific acceptance button. For further information, please read our Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the Third Party Data Source. You are clearly free to block the installation of profiling cookies, in any moment whatsoever, and this will not compromise, in any manner, the possibility to visit the Third Party Data Source and benefit of its contents. Our profiling cookies are installed directly by the Company. Such cookies are lasting cookies and have a maximum duration of 12 months. The Third Party profiling cookies used in other websites are the specified in the following table, together with the indication of the modalities to use in order to oppose to their installation: Name Cookie’s category arcki2 Third party profiling cookie For disabling the profiling cookies please amend your browser’s settings or use the following webpage Opt out The third parties that act as independent Data Controllers thought our technology are specified in the following table, together with the link to their policies: Third Party Cookie’s category Link to the policy Double Click Third party profiling cookie https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/2839090?hl=it Adform Third party profiling cookie https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/website-privacy/website-privacy-policy/ Throtle Third party profiling cookie https://www.throtle.io/privacy/ ID5 Third party profiling cookie https://id5.io/privacy-policy What types of cookies do we use in our websites? Analysis Cookies: Are those cookies that, treated by us or by third parties, allow us to quantify the number of users and thus perform the measurement and statistical analysis of the use made by users of the service offered. To do this, we analyze your browsing on our website in order to improve the offer of products or services we offer you. Behavioural advertising cookies: these are cookies designed and used to manage, in the most efficient manner as possible, the advertising spaces that, where appropriate, have been included in the website, application of platform from which it provides the service requested. These cookies store information on the user’s behaviour obtained through the continuous observation of their browsing habits, which allows a specific profile to be developed to display advertising according to the said behaviour. Technical Cookies: these are essential and strictly necessary for the correct functioning of a web portal and the use of the different options and services it offers. List of cookies by controller: Controlled by Editor Technical Cookies Property Cookie Purpose Term audiencerate.com _gali Cookie required to use website options and services Sesión audiencerate.com cookielawinfocheckboxadvertisement Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com cookielawinfocheckbox-analytics Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com cookielawinfocheckbox-functional Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com cookielawinfocheckbox-necessary Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com cookielawinfocheckbox-others Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com cookielawinfocheckboxperformance Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com CookieLawInfoConse nt Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com fs_uid Cookie required to use website options and services in a year audiencerate.com viewed_cookie_polic y Used to remember preferences with regards to the established Cookies Policy in a year Analysis Cookies Property Cookie Purpose Term All audiencerate.com _ga ID used to identify users in 2 years audiencerate.com _gat Used to monitor number of Google Analytics server requests when using Google Tag Manager Sesión audiencerate.com _gid ID used to identify users for 24 hours after last activity in 22 hours audiencerate.com ajs_anonymous_id Used for Analytics and help count how many people visit a certain site by tracking if you have visited before in a year audiencerate.com ajs_group_id Track visitor usage and events within the website in a year Third Party Cookies Editor Privacy Policy Google Analytics https://privacy.google.com/take-control.html Who are the recipients of the information? Where are they located? The information collected through Cookies may be used both by the Company and by third-party collaborating companies, such as advertising network operators and agents and/or advertises, for the purposes described in the previous section. Some of these third-parties may be located in third countries whose legislation does not offer an equivalent level of data protection; however, the User may consult the appropriate guarantees they offer to ensure that international transfers of data are carried out taking into account the rights and freedoms of the data subjects. The User can find out more about these third-parties, as well as the types of cookies they install, the purposes for which they process the data, the guarantees they offer to carry out international transfers, the retention periods, and how preferences can be configured with respect to them, through their privacy policies. In any case, the Company is not liable for the accuracy and content of the privacy policies offered by such third parties on their websites. How to manage cookies and oppose to their use There are several options to manage, disable and remove the cookies. (1) Modify your browser settings Please follow the instructions provided by your browser’s producer to discover how to manage, disable or remove all the cookies (technical, analytics and profiling): • Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d • Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en • Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/websites-say-cookies-are-blocked-unblock-them#w_clear-all-cookies-and-the-cache • Safari: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari • Opera: https://help.opera.com/en/latest/web-preferences/ Please be careful in making your choice. Indeed, by blocking the receipt of all the cookies indiscriminately, including the technical ones, without providing a specific exception for the Third Party Data Source, you might be no more able to surf on the Third Party Data Source or to benefit, in whole or in part, of its functionalities. Furthermore, removing all the cookies from the browser, also the technical cookies could be removed and, therefore, you could remove the preferences set up by using the Third Party Data Source or no more find products or services included in your basket. When you opt out, we will place an opt out cookie on your computer. This cookie tells us not to collect your information. Please note that if you block, delete or restrict cookies in any way, or if you use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt out choice. To effectively opt out users must opt out on every device and browser using our opt out methods described below. (2) Use our interactive instruments In order to disable the first part profiling cookies, which means those installed directly by us, you can simply use the use the following webpage: Opt out (2a) Or NAI opt out instrument. http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ (3) Mobile opt out As for any data collected through mobile application, you may autonomously deactivate the use of the advertising identifier (ID) of your Device, depending on the model, as illustrated below: Apple: https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT205223 Android: https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/3129346?hl=en Or following these instructions: http://www.networkadvertising.org/ mobile-choice. These changes only apply to the browser via which you are currently connected. To delete cookies in other devices, you must follow the process described in those devices. This Cookies Policy was revised and published on May 21 , 2021. DATA PROCESSING OF OUR WEBSITE What information will we collect from you? Data you provide directly to us We collect information about you when you contact us though the channels provided for this purpose, such as the register or contact form. When you contact us through these channels, we will ask for your consent to obtain your email address, your mail, name and surname, your country and the type of company you work for. All the fields marked with an asterisk (*) in the forms provided will be mandatory, the omission of any of them could lead to the impossibility of us being able to provide the services requested. You must provide truthful information, and it is forbidden to impersonate anyone or to use an alias or anonymous name. You may not, when providing any information that may be requested from you, choose expressions that are offensive, coinciding with brands, tradenames, names or pseudonyms of public figures or celebrities for whose use you are not authorized. It is essential that you keep your reference data, passwords and access codes generated at all times. You will be solely responsible for the use of your personal account, and in this respect, you undertake to make diligent use of this information, not to make it available to third parties, and to inform us, without delay, of its loss or theft. In order to ensure that the information provided is always up to date and free of errors, you must notify Audiencerate as soon as possible of any changes to your personal data by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address privacy@audiencerate.com . Likewise, by clicking on the “I accept” (or equivalent) button incorporated in the aforementioned forms, you declare that the information and data you have provided are accurate and truthful. Data sources We consider that all the data processed by Audiencerate has been provided to us freely. In the event that the personal data provided is from a third person, you guarantee that you have informed them of this Privacy Policy and have obtained their authorisation to provide the data to Audiencerate for the purposes indicated above. You also guarantee that the information provided is accurate and up to date, and you are responsible for any direct or indirect damage or harm that may be caused as a result of non-compliance with this obligation. DATA PROCESSING OF OUR WEBSITE How will we use your personal information and what services will we provide you? Use of personal informations Audiencerate acts as the controller of the personal data for the following purposes: Based on the management of the contractual or precontractual relationship. To manage the acquisition of the products that we offer on our Website and to attend to any type of incident or request derived from the same, and carry out any management related to the shipment or after-sales service. To manage your registration as a user on our website, as well as allow your access to the private area. To provide you with the services you have requested and to attend to your requests for information, as well as to facilitate the exercise of your rights. Based on the existence of a legitimate interest of Audiencerate. To keep you informed about the products and services of Audiencerate, as well as to send you news, events and other activities that we carry out in Audiencerate, by conventional and/or electronic means (e-mails, SMS, …), related to the products or services that we carry out and that may be of your interest. To carry out periodic reviews of our services and carry out satisfaction surveys in order to evaluate and improve the quality of the service we provide. Carry out internal reviews and, if necessary, contact the client in the event that a possible fraud or identity theft is detected or there are well-founded suspicions. On the basis of the explicit, free and unequivocal consent that you give us at the time of collecting your data. Carry out segmentation and profiling tasks according to your interests and through the analysis of the use of the offered services, such as browsing history, in order to adapt the offers and promotions to each client, offering personalized services and information. To keep you informed about Audiencerate’s products and services and provided that you have given us your explicit consent to do so, by conventional and/or electronic means (emails, SMS, …). However, if you do not wish your data to be processed for any of these purposes, you may object at any time by contacting as at privacy@audiencerate.com , as indicated in the Rights Management section of this Privacy Policy. Data transfers and international transfers All transfers of personal data that we carry out are necessary for the fulfilment of the above-mentioned purposes, or are made in order to fulfil a legal obligation: To public administrations and the administration of justice, and to law enforcement agencies in compliance with the legal obligations applicable to us. Companies providing IT services, tools or IT infrastructure on which the services provided by Audiencerate are based, such as hosting providers, CRMs, emailing service companies, etc. In this regard, we inform you that any transfer will be made taking into account all the necessary legal safeguards. We also guarantee that we sign specific contracts with all our service providers as established by the regulations. Furthermore, Audiencerate guarantees that the necessary safeguards are in place to ensure that the data can be transferred securely, either because the provider offers adequate guarantees, through the signing of Standard Contractual Clauses of the European Commission, or any of the exceptions contained in the regulations. Retentions periods and cookies We will only keep your data for as long as necessary to provide you with these services. Any of the data you provide us through the channels will be blocked as long as they are no longer necessary to manage the service and will only be available if there is a legal obligation (derived from a request from the appropriate authorities) and when you exercise your rights here. Regarding the personal data obtained through the Audiencerate’s channels, Audiencerate uses Cookies according to the Cookies Policy that you can consult here. Your rights In order to exercise your rights, or to obtain any other information or clarification in relation to this Privacy Policy, please contact the Company by means of: registered letter with return receipt to the following address: Winnington House 2 Woodberry Grove North Finchley N12 0DR, London. by e-mail to the following e-mail address: privacy@audiencerate.com We inform you that you will be able to exercise the following rights: Rights to access to your personal data to know which ones are being processed and the processing operations carried out with them. Right to rectify any inaccurate personal data. Right to delete your personal data, when possible. Right to request the limitation of the processing of your personal data. Right to object to automated decision making, including profiling. Right to object to the processing of your personal data when the legal basis that enables us to process them is the legitimate interest. Right to the portability of your data, when the legal basis that enables us to process them is the existence of a contractual relationship or your consent. Right to revoke the consent granted to Audience Rate or the Third Party Data Sources. Additionally, if you believe that the processing of your personal data violates any Privacy Laws, you have the right to lodge a complaint before the competent Supervisory Authority. We are dedicated to the security of your information. In order to prevent unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure of personal data, we have undertaken appropriate technical and physical measures and management processes to safeguard and secure the information we collect from you. We may update this Privacy Policy and its version/effective date to reflect changes to our data governance practices. If we propose to make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this page prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . Nai Opt Out You can also use NAI opt out tool to set your preference which will prevent Audiencerate or any other NAI member from creating interest data based on information collected from that browser. Opt Out from the NAI Privacy compliance is at the heart of everything we do and we adhere to all local data protection and privacy regulations, including GDPR, CCPA and TCF 2.0. All data is encrypted at all stages of the journey. Organizations, such as Audiencerate, that receive TRUSTe verifications demonstrate to customers that they are privacy-forward companies. TrustArc CEO Privacy compliance is at the heart of everything we do and we adhere to all local data protection and privacy regulations, including GDPR, CCPA and TCF 2.0. All data is encrypted at all stages of the journey. Organizations, such as Audiencerate, that receive TRUSTe verifications demonstrate to customers that they are privacy-forward companies. TrustArc CEO Privacy compliance is at the heart of everything we do and we adhere to all local data protection and privacy regulations, including GDPR, CCPA and TCF 2.0. All data is encrypted at all stages of the journey. Organizations, such as Audiencerate, that receive TRUSTe verifications demonstrate to customers that they are privacy-forward companies. TrustArc CEO Linkedin-in Who We Are Our Data Audiencerate In The News Contact Blog Case Studies Login Data Ethics & Privacy Terms and Conditions Solutions Brands Agencies Data Providers Publishers Products Data Onboarding Data Marketplace Audiencerate Data Partnerships Google Data Partnership Data Partners Distribution Partnerships Technology Partners Privacy Privacy Policies Opt-Out Resources Case Studies Blog About Us Who We Are Careers News Contact Us Contact Us Copyright 2021 Audiencerate – All rights reserved. About Audiencerate We enable compliant data-driven marketing. Via our proprietary technology and platform, we bridge the gap between data providers, agencies and brands, so that marketers can run better performing campaigns with trusted and reliable targeting data Links Who We Are Our Data Audiencerate In The News Contact Blog Case Studies Login Data Ethics & Privacy Solutions Brands Agencies Data Providers Subscribe to newsletter Want to update you about our latest blog, products, and solutions? Subscribe to us and get notified. Email Submit Linkedin-in Copyright 2021 Audiencerate – All rights reserved. We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking ‘ACCEPT’ you will allow the use of these cookies. Your settings can be changed, including withdrawing your consent at any time, by clicking ‘Cookie Settings’. You can read more about our use of cookies and how to object by clicking ‘Cookie Settings’. Do not sell my personal information . Cookie Settings Accept Manage consent Close Privacy Overview We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT