Privacy Policy - Salutary Data <style> .wpb_animate_when_almost_visible { opacity: 1; }</style> Toggle menu How We Do It Sourcing & Aggregation Data Cleansing Quality Verification Production Data File Database Products & Services Full and Custom Data Feeds API Suite Web UI Services Pricing Our Customers Company Why Salutary? Who We Are Careers Contact Us Resources Case Study & Testimonials Product Resources Pricing Data Fields & Fill Rates/Fill Stats Contact Us How We Do It Sourcing & Aggregation Data Cleansing Quality Verification Production Data File Database Products & Services Full and Custom Data Feeds API Suite Web UI Services Pricing Our Customers Company Why Salutary? Who We Are Careers Contact Us Resources Case Study & Testimonials Product Resources Pricing Data Fields & Fill Rates/Fill Stats Contact Us SALUTARY DATA LLC. PRIVACY POLICY Last Date Modified: February 9, 2023 Scope of this Privacy Policy Personal Information Personal Information That We Collect How Salutary Data Uses the Information That We Collect How Salutary Data Shares the Information That We Collect Children’s Privacy How We Protect Information California Resident’s Privacy Notice Changes to this Privacy Policy Contact Us 1. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY SALUTARY DATA LLC. (“ Salutary Data ”, us ”, “ we ” or “ our ”) aggregates U.S. based business contact information (“ Professional Data ”) that is licensed to: (a) third parties for redistribution via their products and services and, (b) to end user businesses for various purposes (collectively, “ Customers ”). We are committed to protecting the privacy of the individuals about whom we collect Professional Data. This privacy policy (“ Privacy Policy ”) is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, share, safeguard, retain and delete the Professional Data and, in particular, any Personal Information (defined below) on individuals that we collect from: (a) our corporate website (the “ Website ”); (b) operation of the platform that we make available to Customers (the “ Platform ”); (c) other direct interactions with individuals, and; (d) third party data sources; and (e) service providers. 2. PERSONAL INFORMATION For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “ Personal Information ” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. Personal Information includes information referred to as “personal data,” “personally identifiable information” and such similar references as codified in applicable data protection and privacy laws (collectively, “ Privacy Laws .”) Generally, the information that Salutary Data collects through its operations pertains to persons operating in their capacity as an owner or employee of a company or organization. Under most U.S. Privacy Laws, such information is not considered “Personal Information.” However, one U.S. state (California) and jurisdictions outside the U.S. (e.g., the United Kingdom and the European Union), do consider such information to be “Personal Information,” with certain exceptions. If you are a resident of California, please read Section 8 below. Salutary Data does not knowingly process any Personal Information concerning individuals residing, outside the United States (“ Non-U.S. Personal Data ”). We request that our third party data sources withhold EU Personal Data prior to providing any data to us. If we discover EU Personal Data in our system, we delete it. 3. PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT As explained above, Salutary Data does not collect what is typically considered Personal Information. We are a B2B company that aggregates and licenses data about individuals in their professional capacity. Currently, such Professional Data is only considered to be Personal Information in the State of California. If you are a California resident, after reading through the information below, please access the information in Section 8 to understand more about our information practices. However, with respect to Professional Data, Salutary Data receives it in a number of ways: (1) from Customers in connection with the establishment of an account with Salutary Data and our interactions with such individuals, including through our Platform (“ Platform Users ”); (2) from visitors to our Website (in limited quantities); (3) from vendors and Customers and other individuals with whom we interact in person, over the telephone, via email and other means of communication, and; (4) from third-party data sources. Information We Collect Through Our Platform: When companies form a business relationship with Salutary Data, they sometimes obtain the information that we license using our Platform. Platform users leverage the Platform to run searches for business contacts utilizing different variables, such as: title, function, company size, location, company type and industry and generate a list of Professional Data regarding potential business prospects. When a user registers to use the Platform, they submit certain information to us such as the company they work for, their email, title and selected password. This information is not shared with third parties (except our service providers) nor re-distributed. Information We Collect Through Our Website: Information that you intentionally provide : When you visit our Website, you may (but are not required to) submit certain information to us through our Contact form or when you complete our “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” form. The information collected through such forms includes: name, email, company name, title, phone, current employer, and employer street address. There also exist text boxes that enable you to provide free-form text. Information collected via cookies : When you visit our Website, including when using our Platform, our goal is to make the experience simple and effective. To that end, we use text files, known as cookies, to track information about your use of our Website. A cookie is a text file that a website stores on a visitor’s computer to enable recognition of that visitor’s computer each time they return. As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we will automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns using these cookies. This may include information about: (i) your IP address and browser information; (ii) the general location where you access our Website, (iii) the pages you access on our Website and time you spend on our Website, and; (iv) how you reached our Website (e.g., web searches, directly using our website URL, or third party referrals or hyperlinks. Some of the information we collect via cookies may be considered Personal Information beyond California. Information We Collect Through Email, Snail Mail, Phone Calls and other Communications: If you communicate with us by e-mail, mail, phone or otherwise, you may provide us with information that identifies you, such as your name, your company, your work or personal e-mail address, or personal and/or business telephone numbers. We use this information solely to communicate with you regarding your request. We do not share or re-distribute this information. Information We Collect From Our Third-Party Data Sources Salutary Data aggregates Professional Data that we license from third-party data sources. The third-party data sources typically collect the Professional Data that we license from publicly available websites, business directories, government sources, social networks, court records, and other commercial sources. The primary fields of our Professional Data include: first and last name work email address name of the company where a person works the company’s address work title work telephone number LinkedIn profile page URL 4. HOW SALUTARY DATA USES THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT Information We Collect Through Our Platform: Salutary Data uses the information we collect from our Platform users in order to authenticate our Platform users, to provide services to such Platform users, to manage their account, and sometimes to communicate with you via email or phone. Information We Collect Through Our Website: Information that you intentionally provide : Salutary Data uses the information that you provide through our webforms in order respond to your inquiry or request. We do not use the information for any other purposes. With the exception of our own service providers, we do not sell, share or otherwise provide this information to anyone else. Information collected via cookies : The information we collect via cookies helps us to improve our Website and deliver better and more personalized content and services, enables us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns and recognize when you return to our Website. Salutary Data’s Website uses Google Analytics . Google Analytics places cookies on your computer that generate specific information about you including the URL of the page you are visiting and your IP address. Google may also set cookies on your browser or read cookies that are already there. That information is transmitted to and stored by Google. Google uses the information shared to deliver their services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on their partners’ sites and apps. You can read more about this at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites and https://policies.google.com/privacy . You can opt out of Google Analytics’ collection and use of data generated by your use of the Site by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . Salutary Data uses the information collected through cookies to evaluate use of our Website, improve the functionality and usability of our Website and for similar operational purposes. There are different types of cookies. Many cookies are “session cookies,” which means that they are automatically deleted at the end of each Website session. Other cookies are “persistent cookies,” which means that they can stay on your device for an extended period of time. You can manage cookies through your web browser. Different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. Please note that disabling a cookie or category of cookies does not delete the cookie from your browser unless manually deleted through your browser function. Listed below are the links to the support documents on how to manage and delete cookies from the major web browsers. Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050 Safari: https://support.apple.com/en-in/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/clear-cookies-and-site-data-firefox?redirectslug=delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored&redirectlocale=en-US Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer-bca9446f-d873-78de-77ba-d42645fa52fc Microsoft Edge: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-bb8174ba-9d73-dcf2-9b4a-c582b4e640dd If you use any other web browser, please visit your browser’s official support documents. If you disable a cookie that was previously placed on your device, we will cease collecting any further information during your user experience. However, the information collected prior to the preference change may still be used. With respect to marketing cookies, when you opt out of tracking, a new cookie is placed on your device to prevent future tracking. Disabling cookies may impact your ability to use certain features of the Website. To learn more about the choices that advertisers generally provide individuals to influence how information is collected and used about their online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and the Digital Advertising Alliance at http://www.aboutads.info/ . To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to block and delete cookies, please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org/ . Information We Collect Through Email, Snail Mail, Phone Calls and other Communications: Salutary Data uses the information we collect through these means of communication in order to provide services to those with whom we communicate, manage our Customer and vendor accounts, and respond to inquiries and requests. Information We Collect From Our Third-Party Data Sources We aggregate Professional Data obtained from our third-party data sources to build database(s) that our Customers license from us to help them market their products and services to current or prospective customers. In addition, we license Professional Data to other data aggregators who sublicense the data as part of their products and services to their end user customers for several purposes such as sales and marketing, recruiting, or research and analysis. 5. HOW SALUTARY DATA SHARES THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, or any agreements you enter into with us, we will use reasonable measures to keep the information provided to us private and, except as authorized by law, will not share it with third parties unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with applicable laws, regulations, rules or legal process; (b) provide our products and services to Customers; (c) protect our rights and/or property; (d) enforce our rights; (e) protect the interests of other users of the Website or any other person; (f) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of our equipment or Website; (g) detect, prevent and/or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, and; (h) verify that you are who you say you are. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, we may transfer, sell or assign the information that you provide to us to third parties, as a result of the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, or reorganization or liquidation of our company. 6. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY Neither the Platform nor the Website is marketed to, and neither is intended for use by, children. Therefore, Salutary Data does not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 17. If you know or believe that such information has been provided to us, please contact us at privacy@salutarydata.com. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information about a child under the age of 17, we will delete it. 7. HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION We take reasonable administrative, technical, and physical measures designed to safeguard against loss, unauthorized access, alteration or disclosure, and misuse of the information we collect. We update and assess our security controls on a regular basis. We also make our personnel aware of the importance of confidentiality, security and consumer privacy and limit our personnel’s access to Personal Information to only those employees who require access based on their job duties. Electronic Personal Information, including the Personal Information about visitors to our Website and Personal Information submitted by our Customers through the Platform regarding their account and log-in information, is stored on systems in an enterprise third party cloud provider in the United States. Unfortunately, no transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information, and any such information provided by you or through your use of the Website or Platform is your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems. 8. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS’ PRIVACY NOTICE The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (the “ CCPA ”) is a California law that gives California residents (“ Consumers ”), the right to learn about and control certain aspects of how a business handles the Personal Information that the business collects about them. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, PLEASE VISIT OUR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS’ PRIVACY RIGHTS ADDENDUM LOCATED AT THE END OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY (CLICKING HERE ) TO LEARN ABOUT YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS. You can also email us at privacy@salutarydata.com or call us at the following toll free number: 1-866-451-4868, to learn more. 9. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Over time, we may update this Privacy Policy to align with changes in the Platform, our business and/or Privacy Laws. The Last Updated Data at the beginning of this Privacy Policy will reflect the last date on which the Privacy Policy was updated. We recommend that you periodically review the Privacy Policy to stay informed of changes. We will ask for your consent to such changes if required by Privacy Law. In other cases, please note that your continued use of the Platform and your continued use of the Website after any change means that you agree to the terms of the updated Privacy Policy. If you disagree with the Privacy Policy, please email us at privacy@salutarydata.com and stop using the Platform and Website. 10. CONTACT US If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or any questions about the security at our Website, you can contact us via email at privacy@salutarydata.com . You can also reach us at: 617-917-4084 or toll free at 1-866-451-4868. SALUTARY DATA CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS’ PRIVACY RIGHTS ADDENDUM Last Updated Date: February 9, 2023 The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (the “ CCPA ”) is a California law that gives California residents (“ Consumers ”), certain rights as it relates to the Personal Information that a business (including Salutary Data) collects about them. Those rights include the following: Right to Know Before Collection of Personal Information : At or before the point your Personal Information is collected we must inform you of the following: The categories of Personal Information to be collected and the purposes for which they are collected or used; The categories of Sensitive Personal Information to be collected and the purposes for which the information is collected and used; Whether Personal Information and/or Sensitive Personal Information is sold or shared; The length of time Salutary Data intends to retain each category of Personal Information (including Sensitive Personal Information) collected or, if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period. This right does not apply with respect to the Personal Information that Salutary Data sells to Customers when Salutary Data did not collect such Personal Information directly from the individual to whom it pertains. Note that Salutary Data does not knowingly collect, sell or share the Personal Information of individuals under the age of 17. Right to Know What Personal Information Is Collected and Right to Access : Consumers have the right to request from Salutary Data disclosure of the following information, up to twice in a twelve-month period: the categories and specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about them; the categories of sources from which that Personal Information is collected; the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing that Personal Information, and; the categories of third parties to whom Salutary Data discloses Personal Information. Before providing such information to a Consumer, Salutary Data must verify your identity. We will utilize the information that a Consumer submits with their request in order to do so and to locate any information that we maintain about the Consumer and for no other purpose. Right to Know About Personal Information Disclosed . Consumers have the right to know the categories of Personal Information disclosed about them for a business purpose and the categories of persons to whom each category of Personal Information was disclosed. Before providing such information to a Consumer, we must verify their identity. Right to Know About Personal Information Sold or Shared : Consumers have the right to know the categories of Personal Information sold about them, the categories of third parties to whom each category of Personal Information was sold and the purpose for doing so. Before providing such information to a Consumer, we must verify their identity. Right to Opt-out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information : Consumers have the right, at any time, to direct companies that sell or share Personal Information about Consumer to third parties not to sell or share the Consumer’s Personal Information. Salutary Data does not share Consumer’s Personal Information, but we do sell such information. Right to Request Deletion : Consumers have the right, at any time, to request that Salutary Data delete any Personal Information that we collected directly from them. Salutary Data collects Personal Information directly from Consumers as described in the Section titled “ Information that We Collect ” above and as described further in the chart below. The obligation to delete Personal information upon request is not absolute. The CCPA allows businesses to retain Personal Information for certain purposes even when a deletion request is received. In addition, before deleting Personal Information in response to a request, we must verify the requesting Consumer’s identity. Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information : Consumers have the right to request, at any time, the correction of inaccurate Personal Information that Salutary Data maintains about the requesting Consumer. Before correcting Personal Information in response to a request, we must verify the requesting Consumer’s identity. Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information : Consumers have the right, at any time, to direct companies to limit the use of their Sensitive Personal Information to that necessary to provide the services requested by such Consumer and to those purposes otherwise allowed by California law. Salutary Data does not collect Sensitive Personal Information. Right to Non-Discrimination : California law prohibits Salutary Data from discriminating or retaliating against a Consumer based on such Consumer’s exercise of the privacy rights described herein. The table below sets forth the categories of Personal Information Salutary Data has collected in the preceding twelve (12) months, the categories of the sources of such information and the purpose or use for which Salutary Data collects Personal Information. Category of Personal Information Collected Examples of Data Elements Collected Categories of Sources of Personal Information Purpose for Collection Personal Identifiers: First and last name Business address LinkedIn URL Twitter URL Facebook URL IP address Phone number Current and historical Email domain and address (business and personal) Platform Password Customers Data brokers None of this information is used to infer characteristics about the individual to whom it pertains: performing services for Customers, maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling transactions, verifying Customer information; licensing data to Customers for re-licensing / resale and/or for their own business purposes to authenticate access to the Platform; to respond to inquiries and requests; auditing interactions and transactions; for bug and performance tracking and to optimize Site and Platform performance; to send customers our newsletter and provide information about our products and services; to request feedback regarding Customers’ experience with the business; detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive fraudulent or illegal activity; short-term, transient internal use; internal research for technological development; to respond to or defend against subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to otherwise comply with applicable law. First and last name Email address Phone number Company Name Title Any other information that Site visitors enter into free-form text boxes Site visitors: to respond to inquiries and requests; for bug and performance tracking and to optimize Site performance; to send visitors our newsletter and provide information about our products and services; to request feedback regarding visitors’ experience with the business; detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive fraudulent or illegal activity; short-term, transient internal use; internal research for technological development; to respond to or defend against subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to otherwise comply with applicable law. First and last name Email address Phone number Any other information that an individual may provide during such interactions Others with whom we interact in person, on the phone or through some other medium. performing services for Customers, maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling transactions, verifying Customer information; to respond to inquiries and requests; auditing interactions and transactions; to send our newsletter and provide information about our products and services; to request feedback regarding experience with the business; protecting against malicious, deceptive fraudulent or illegal activity; short-term, transient internal use; to respond to or defend against subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to otherwise comply with applicable law. Characteristics of protected classification and sensitive information: Birth year Gender Data Brokers None of this information is used to infer characteristics about the individual to whom it pertains: performing services for Customers; licensing data to Customers for re-licensing / resale and/or for their own business purposes Electronic Network Activity : Unique device identification numbers; Operating system and version; Performance data and browsing history; Time spent per visit; Cumulative time spent across all usage; Frequency of usage; Features used; Buttons clicked; Actions taken and frequency of each; Ad tracking codes Customers and Site visitors: for bug and performance tracking and to optimize Site and Platform performance. auditing interactions and transactions; detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive fraudulent or illegal activity; short-term, transient internal use; performing services for Customers, maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling transactions, verifying Customer information, processing payments; internal research for technological development; to respond to or defend against subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to otherwise comply with applicable law. to identify the performance of ads that Salutary Data places on third party sites to drive traffic to our Site Commercial Information : Records of products/services licensed Customers performing services, maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling transactions; verifying information; complying with laws and regulations: to respond to or defend against subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; auditing interactions and transactions; protecting against malicious, deceptive fraudulent or illegal activity Professional and Employment Related Information Tax ID Number; Employer Name Employer Address Company URL Job Title Job Level Job Function LinkedIn URL Skills Interests Recent Job Change LinkedIn Connection Count LinkedIn Followers Count Job State Date Primary Industry Work History Current and prior employment history; Customers; Site visitors Data Brokers; licensing data to Customers for re-licensing / resale and/or for their own business purposes performing services, maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling transactions, verifying information; to respond to inquiries and requests; auditing interactions and transactions; for bug and performance tracking and to optimize website and Platform performance; to send our newsletter and provide information about our products and services; to request feedback regarding experience with the business; detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive fraudulent or illegal activity; short-term, transient internal use; internal research for technological development; to respond to or defend against subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to otherwise comply with applicable law Personal Information Disclosed to Third Parties for a Business Purpose There are certain circumstances in which we may disclose Personal Information to trusted entities in order to improve, protect and support our business. For instance, Salutary Data may disclose Personal Information to: (i) service providers (e.g., hosting providers, entities that verify accuracy and currency of our contact records, business advisors, auditors, etc.); and (ii) any potential purchasers or investors in the business. Salutary Data requires our Platform hosting developer and provider with whom we share Personal Information to process Personal Information strictly for Customer use of the Platform and in accordance with our contract with such service providers. We ensure that any service provider with whom we share Personal Information is subject to privacy and security obligations consistent with this Privacy Notice and applicable laws. In addition, Salutary Data may disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with a legal obligation; (b) protect and defend our rights or property; or (c) protect the rights, property, or safety of our Customers, visitors to our Site, or the public. With respect to disclosures of Personal Information for business purposes during the preceding twelve (12) months, Salutary Data has operated as described in the chart below. Salutary Data does not disclose Sensitive Personal Information. Category of Personal Information Is the Personal Information Disclosed to Third Parties for a Business Operations Purpose Category of Third Parties to Whom Disclosed For what Purpose Personal Identifiers Y Service Providers verifying the accuracy of information auditing interactions and transactions; processing interactions and transactions; managing interactions and transactions; performing services; quality assurance; security; and debugging Electronic Network Activity Y Service Providers auditing interactions and transactions; processing interactions and transactions; managing interactions and transactions; performing services; quality assurance; security; and debugging Characteristics of protected classification and other sensitive information: Y Service Providers auditing interactions and transactions; processing interactions and transactions; managing interactions and transactions; performing services; quality assurance; security; and debugging Commercial Information Y Service Providers auditing interactions and transactions; processing interactions and transactions; managing interactions and transactions; performing services; quality assurance; security; and debugging Professional or Employment-related Information Y Service Providers verifying the accuracy of information auditing interactions and transactions; processing interactions and transactions; managing interactions and transactions; performing services; quality assurance; and security Personal Information Sold to Third Parties As explained above, Salutary Data is a boutique aggregator of U.S. based business contact information that is licensed to other data aggregators for redistribution and to end user businesses for various business purposes. The chart below reflects: (i) the categories of Personal Information sold to third parties in the preceding twelve (12) months; (ii) the categories of third parties to which the Personal Information was sold, and (iii) the purpose for sale. Salutary Data does not share Personal Information as that term is defined in the CCPA. Category of Personal Information Is Personal Information Sold to Third Parties Category of Third Parties to Whom Sold For what Purpose Personal Identifiers Y Data Brokers End User Businesses Third Parties Data Brokers license Personal Information from Salutary Data in order to sub-license / resell the Personal Information to end user businesses for their use in sales and marketing to commercial buyers, recruiting, analytics and other business activities. End user businesses license Personal Information for their use in sales and marketing to commercial buyers, recruiting, analytics and other business activity. Google Analytics collects information regarding visitors to our Website and provides aggregated, statistical information back to Salutary Data regarding Website visits. Google Analytics also uses the information collected as disclosed here . Electronic Network Activity Y Third Parties Google Analytics collects information regarding visitors to our Website and provides aggregated, statistical information back to Salutary Data regarding Website visits. Google Analytics also uses the information collected as disclosed here . Characteristics of protected classification and other sensitive information: N Commercial Information N Professional or Employment-related Information Y Data Brokers End User Businesses Data Brokers license Personal Information from Salutary Data in order to sub-license / resell the Personal Information to end user businesses for their use in sales and marketing to commercial buyers, recruiting, analytics and other business activities. End user businesses license Personal Information for their use in sales and marketing to commercial buyers, recruiting, analytics and other business activity. Salutary Data does not share Personal Information with third parties. Method to Submit Requests : Requests to Delete, Correct and to Know If you wish to exercise your right to delete, correct and / or know (as described above), you may do so by calling Salutary Data at the following toll-free telephone number 1-866-451-4868 or alternatively via our website form . Finally, you can submit such requests to the following email address or by mail at the following address: Email address: privacy@salutarydata.com If you submit your request by Email or snail mail, please provide your name, address, phone number and any other identifiers that you think will help us to verify you.  We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days.  We will then take steps to verify your identity.  Salutary Data may occasionally request additional information to assist in facilitating verification.  Any Personal Information received by Salutary Data with respect to a request delete, to correct and / or to know will  be held strictly in confidence, used only for the purposes of processing your request and in accordance with applicable data privacy laws and regulations. Within 45 calendar days of receiving your request, we will comply with your request unless there is a legal basis for denying your request.  In the event we need additional time to respond, we will inform you within the initial 45-day period. Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Your Personal Information If you wish to exercise your right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, please click here: D O NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION How An Authorized Agent Can Make a Request for You : You may use an authorized agent to submit a request to delete, to correct or to know. The agent may call Salutary Data at the following toll-free telephone number: 1-866-451-4868. Alternatively, the agent may submit a request to the following email address or by mail at the following address: Email address: privacy@salutarydata.com We will require that agent to provide proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit the request on your behalf. We may also require the agent to verify their own identity and confirm that you provided the agent permission to submit the request. If you have provided the agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code section 4121 to 4130, evidence of that power of attorney is sufficient. HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN PERSONAL INFORMATION? Information about Platform Users : Salutary Data retains Personal Information collected from Platform users as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, including legal, accounting, and reporting requirements or as otherwise set forth under applicable law. Information about Website Visitors : Salutary Data retains Personal Information about those who visit the Website as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, including legal, accounting, and reporting requirements or as otherwise set forth under applicable law. Information from Third Party Data Sources : Salutary Data retains Personal Information obtained from third party data sources for as long as such information is deemed reliable and of use to the markets we serve. Other Information : Salutary Data retains other Personal Information as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, including legal, accounting, and reporting requirements or as otherwise set forth under applicable law. QUESTIONS: If you have any questions about California privacy rights, or any Salutary Data privacy practices, please reach out to us at privacy@salutarydata.com . You can also write to us at: Privacy Officer, Salutary Data, 29 Locust Ave., Lexington, MA 02421. How We Do It Sourcing & Aggregation Data Cleansing Quality Verification Production Data File Database Our Customers Product & Services Full and Custom Data Feeds API Suite Web UI Services Pricing Company Why Salutary? Who We Are Careers Contact Us Resources Case Studies/Testimonials Product Resources Pricing Data Fields & Fill Rates/Fill Stats Highly Curated U.S. Business Contact Intelligence TM © 2019-2023 Salutary Data LLC. 617.917.4084 info@salutarydata.com Privacy Policy Notice of Collection DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION × Contact Us Name * Email * Company Name Title Phone Your message Notice of Collection + Schedule a Call Let's start the conversation on what data and services your company needs. Name * Email * Company Name Title Phone Your message Notice of Collection + Ryan Tarver VP of Engineering at Salutary Data As VP of Engineering at Salutary Data, I contribute by helping build a world class technology infrastructure that provides security, automation, scalability, data as a service, and creates innovation. Building trust in pursuing optimal accuracy, accessibility, and availability for all internal and external experience needs. I believe in a culture of extreme ownership and accountability that adds to organizational health. Driving to outcomes that are results of rapid iteration and fostering an atmosphere of positivity. I have experience in developing data platforms that range from IoT to data lakes and enterprise data warehouses. I have a passion for cloud solutions that use serverless architecture and deploying advanced analytics applications with machine learning. Outside of work projects, I am constantly seeking to learn new topics in all areas of life. I frequently travel and I am looking forward to the next adventure. I am always looking for the next book or movie recommendation. + Erik Costello Knowles Director of Sales As Director of Sales, I’m charged with expanding our customer base within the Sales, Marketing, and Recruiting technology ecosystem, and supporting Salutary’s expansion into new markets. I have several years experience developing integrated data relationships with a rich variety of b2b and b2c SaaS companies, operating as a trusted data advisor to both product and business stakeholders. + Dan Schimmel Chief Product Officer & Board Chairman I began advising Salutary Data in late 2018. I’ve been a successful CEO of three information and software companies, most notably at OneSource Information Services (now part of D&B Hoovers) where I led an IPO and was an E&Y Entrepreneur of the Year. I’ve also been an active advisor, board member, and investor in early to growth stage technology companies. I’m married with three kids, am a ridiculously spoiled fan of Boston sports teams, and love to spend time on Lake Winnipesaukee in NH playing golf and fishing, albeit not very well. I am thrilled to be advising Scott and Jeff. In my opinion, you simply will not find two better people in this business. They exude integrity, trust, and competence. They have over 50 collective years of experience at some of the best-run and successful small, medium and large companies we have ever seen in our industry. These guys love what they do, and attack every day with an unusual entrepreneurial focus. And from my experience in our meetings, no detail is too small if it leads to some new innovation to create better contact data solutions for customers. I’ve seen the consistent momentum Scott and Jeff have built over the past few years. It’s not luck–It’s old-fashioned values of hard work and customer service, combined with some really new ideas and technology. I can’t wait to see how things progress in the next few years. + Custom Pricing Inquiry Let's start the conversation on custom pricing. Name * Email * Company Name Title Phone Your message + Ryan Quinn VP of Partnerships & Sales As the VP of Partnerships & Sales at Salutary Data, I am responsible for our network of partners and clients and planning and executing our GTM strategy for long term growth. For the past 14 years I’ve been in B2B Data, Lead-Gen, and Sales Intel, and built relationships and deep knowledge of use cases and profit driven strategies of customers. I spend a lot of time understanding clients’ data strategy and needs, and enjoy creating mutually beneficial commercial agreements. My favorite part of entrepreneurship is thinking outside the box and developing new lines of revenue and product offerings based on client feedback and budding market demands. Favorite quote: “I learned quickly that the harder I worked, the more success I would have.” – Cam Hanes Outside of working from home, I spend time with my wife and two younger kids. Hobbies include golf, cooking (with emphasis on eating ; ), travel, and I’m not afraid of an IPA or the right type of Bourbon. + Lauren Nassif Director of Business Operations As the Director of Business Operations, I am a Swiss army knife at Salutary Data. My day-to-day responsibilities range from analyzing and interrogating our data, assisting our clients to meet their strategic goals, improving our processes and working with our vendors and suppliers. I am inherently curious and this drives me to dig into our data, understand the quality and help provide the best records to our customers. I am truly passionate about building teams and helping others reach their goals, which is why this role and this organization are a perfect fit. When I am not consumed in data you can find me on a boat in Maine, traveling in Europe or playing as much soccer as my body will allow. + Company Qualities On the company front, the owners – Jeff and Scott – are accessible to customers and customized files are delivered nimbly and precisely. Customers reap the benefit of their over 50+ years of experience including how to best address their target audiences as well as ways to mine the best, right data for given use cases. On the one hand, they are no nonsense and they tell like it is. On the other, you’ll find interactions are light-hearted with the aim to relieve daily pressures but with a mindfulness of the work at hand. On a given day, you may encounter hippie speak like “groovey” or email responses with google images that simply make you smile. + Scott Gordon CEO, Co-founder Professional I consider myself a partnership guy who’s honed his trade and style over the course of time. I’m a Ury-Fisher disciple – the guys who wrote “Getting to Yes” – a principles-based negotiation approach based on optimizing win/win outcomes. Our data suppliers, quality vetting vendors, and customers all represent a wonderful ecosystem to me and I believe strongly that we’re all in it together. As CEO of Salutary Data, I’m customer facing and charged with our business growth and overall plan execution. My 25 years in B2B, and licensing and general manager roles have led me to understand that I like value creation best. Thus, building Salutary Data is my mission. We’re doing it and it’s working. I hope YOU will become part of this. Scott is Singing the Pooh Bear Hummy Song When… his customer acknowledges the value, and effort, provided by Salutary Data; a new partnership is struck; I’m interrogating data in a spreadsheet; I’m mentoring or helping someone in the industry. When He’s Not Working and off the Grid, Scott is… On the side of the baseball grid watching my guy throwing off the mound; listening to my other son playing guitar; embracing chlorine with my wife and in a rigorous cardiovascular way (i.e. masters swimming), soft surface tennis, Sudoku, day start with my Peet’s, offset on a good day with a craft IPA. + Jeff Crewley CTO, Co-founder My work centers around the intersection of technology and entrepreneurship where I get energy from the startup process and connection to the people and systems that make it work. As CTO of Salutary Data, my focus is on attending to the needs and problems of our customers. This includes mining contacts with very specific criteria, developing processes to smoothly integrate and categorize contacts, and efficiently creating and delivering data sets with tens of millions of records. I love the experimental and iterative process both in terms of wrestling complex challenges into submission as well as finding new ways to solve problems and increase quality. My greatest satisfaction comes when our clients feel we’ve met or exceeded their expectations. Outside of the office, you will find me spending time with my family, renovating (300 year!) old houses, and traveling near (Vermont and Maine) and far (Europe and around the US). I also study Revolutionary-era history, and even enjoy a morning mucking out horse stalls with my wife and kids. + Business Attributes Business-wise, Salutary Data removes considerable business and technical overhead from its customers in terms of real labor and technology resources. Specifically, our sourcing and screening expertise, agnostic testing and verifying of data, field enrichment and normalization, and timely delivery of custom files lets you do what you do best while leaning on us for our Highly Curated Contact TM data and services. Business relationships are based on fairness in terms of pricing and risk sharing. This manifests itself in responsive and flexible price structures based on an understanding of customers’ business and outcomes that advance the profits of both parties. Finally, our product works! Competitively, it’s top tier and simply stated gets to buyers and influencers whether thru phone or email outreach. +