Privacy Policy - Maximize the value of each customer relationship. <div>Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display</div> Skip to Content data delivers Solutions Use Cases Our Difference News & Events Contact Us Privacy Policy Effective date: Jan 1, 2006 Updated: February 1, 2023 DataDelivers (“us”, “we”, or “our”) is a Data Strategy, Analytic Insights, and Customer Management Technology Company. We also operate the https://datadelivers.com/ website (hereinafter referred to as the “Site”). We work directly with businesses to help them market, measure, and improve marketing campaigns across the direct mail, email, website, and social media channels. DataDelivers believes in a proactive, secure approach in protecting consumer privacy. Protecting privacy exists in every element of our business, from physical, virtual, and visual security to ongoing training for all our employees. We continuously seek ways to protect and assure appropriate use of information related to consumers and to promote policies within the industry that do the same. Data Delivers’ privacy principles, policy and guidelines are incorporated into how we do business every day. We recognize the privacy interests of the businesses and consumers on which it collects information and has implemented comprehensive and formal data protection policies which balance privacy expectations with the legitimate business need of our customers. 1. Consumer Data Privacy Policy How We Use Personal Information DataDelivers helps our clients’ market more effectively by understanding more about their clients and prospects. Information Management Client companies come to DataDelivers to understand their clients and prospects better, and our marketing technologies merge and link client and prospect data together and help in performing analysis so that our clients can provide more targeted and meaningful offers, messages, and customer experiences. Marketing Data Products and Services Our data products and services are designed to provide more insight and contact information on individuals and households in the US. These products are created from publicly available information such as directories or sourced from other information providers. Marketing Data Products and Services Our marketing data products contain publicly available information, surveys, and information from other data collectors. These products are used by businesses in their offline and online marketing programs. Our data products and service may include PII, such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, contact preferences, and other identifiers. We take consumer privacy very seriously. In addition, we are members of the ANA and its DMA division, IAB and DAA and adhere to all their guidelines, self-regulatory principles, and ethical practices. This privacy policy (“policy”) provides notice where we acquire personal information on behalf of our clients, what types of personal information we store, how it is used, and your rights and choices about your personal information. Please note that this policy only controls data handling practices. Our clients may have different data handling practices which are not controlled by this policy. Sources of Information To help our clients identify customers and prospective customers that will likely have an interest in their marketing campaigns, we acquire certain personal information about consumers. We receive personal information from behaviors on our website, third-party sources like data brokers, our clients (who may already do business with you), public records, and other website providers. When we use third party data, we adhere to the terms and conditions defined by those parties. Types of Personal Information we use From our third-party sources, we use various types of personal information about consumers. The types of personal information may include the following: Information about you and your household , such as your adult household members’ dates of birth or age, gender and marital status, and your pets. Data Delivers complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) enacted in 1998. We make every reasonable effort to not provide or collect information about individuals under 18 years old and will promptly resolve any individuals misidentified using our request for deletion form Contact information , such as your name, address, phone number and email address. Your occupation , and whether or not you are a company director. Your property , including its value, how long you have lived there, information about your mortgage, and whether it is on the market or has been recently; and information about your car(s). How you like to use your electronic devices , including mobile phone, TV provider, internet access at home or at work. This may include whether you use social media, play games, download music, or watch TV online. Interests and hobbies , such as the sports you like, the newspapers you read, whether you enjoy crossword puzzles, current affairs, movies and TV, cooking, pubs, or theatres. We also store information about your charitable interests and how you donate. Information on financial matters like whether you own store/loyalty or bank cards or credit cards. We do not have any credit data, bank account details, or credit card numbers. Information about how you use the internet , including internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet and/or our website, mobile device IDs, websites that you visit and how you interact with those websites and any apps you may use. How We Use Personal Information We use personal information to select the most appropriate group of people for our clients’ advertising or marketing campaigns. We try to make sure that only the people who fit a client’s desired audience are selected for marketing activities. We also utilize predictive modeling to determine purchasing behavior, likelihood to respond to marketing, brand loyalty, product and brand affinities and preferences. Our clients determine the purposes and means for the usage of the personal information collected, sold, or shared with them. Selling and Sharing Personal Information We may sell or share personal information with: our partners, where necessary to operate or improve our Sites to our clients. We make our partners guarantee the information is only used to provide their services to us; our clients, for their analytics, profiling and/or marketing purposes; third parties to detect, prevent, or address fraud, contractual or legal violations, or related investigations into violations of law or Data Delivers policy; or government and law enforcement agencies, where necessary to comply with our legal obligations in response to their requests or court orders. When we share your information, we also place specific restrictions on the types of marketing that our clients and third parties may use your personal information for. How we protect your data Data Delivers is committed to ensuring the data we use and the process by which it is transmitted and stored is secure while in our care and that it is used responsibly. We continuously seek ways to protect and ensure the appropriate use of information related to consumers while promoting policies within the industry that do the same. To these ends, we continuously develop and employ controls that consist of policies, procedures, organizational structures, and technology to ensure consistent data security and to protect your personal information against unauthorized access, loss, misuse, or alteration. State-Specific Rights California Resident Privacy Rights – effective January 1, 2023 Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, (the “CCPA”), California residents have certain rights regarding their personal information, including: The right to know the categories of personal information we have collected about them and the categories of sources from which we got the information; The right to know the business purposes for which we have shared their personal information The right to know the categories of third parties with whom we have shared their personal information; The right to access the specific pieces of their personal information we have collected and to request that we delete personal information, subject to certain exceptions (see below); The right to opt out of the sale of their personal information (see below); The right to not be discriminated against for exercising their CCPA privacy rights; The right to correct inaccurate personal information ; As of January 1, 2023, the right to opt-out of sharing your personal information with third parties for the purposes of targeted behavioral advertising; and As of January 1, 2023, the right to request correction of inaccurate personal information and to request to limit disclosure or use of your sensitive personal information. Please note, however, that any right to request correction is limited by the legal rights of Data Delivers and its suppliers relating to content within the data, including without limitation legally protected rights related to freedom of speech. Virginia’s Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA) – effective Jan 1, 2023 The VCDPA provides Virginia consumers with certain rights related to their personal data. Under the Act, these rights include: The right to know, access and confirm personal data. The right to delete personal data. The right to correct inaccuracies in personal data. The right to data portability (i.e., easy, portable access to all pieces of personal data held by a company). The right to opt out of the processing of personal data for targeted advertising purposes. The right to opt out of the sale of personal data. The right to opt out of profiling based upon personal data. The right to not be discriminated against for exercising any of the foregoing rights. Colorado Privacy Act (CPA) – effective July 1, 2023 The Colorado Privacy Act provides Colorado residents with the right to opt out of targeted advertising, the sale of their personal data and certain types of profiling. Starting July 1, 2024, Data Delivers will honor user-selected universal opt-outs for targeted advertising and sales. Colorado residents also have the rights to access, correct and delete their personal data as well as the right to data portability. Utah Consumer Privacy Act – effective Dec 31, 2023 The Utah Consumer Privacy Act protects Utah residents and grants them certain rights concerning their personal data. Specifically, the UCPA permits Utah consumers to submit authenticated requests to Data Delivers to: The right to access the specific pieces of their personal information we have collected and to request that we delete personal information, The right to opt out of the sale of their personal information (see below); and The right to opt-out of targeted advertising (see below). Connecticut’s Data Privacy Law (CTDPA) – effective July 1, 2023 The CTDPA’s protections apply only to Connecticut residents acting in an individual capacity (i.e., “consumers”), and do not apply to individuals acting in an employment or commercial (B2B) context. Under the CTDPA, consumers will have the right to: correct inaccuracies in the consumer’s personal data; delete personal data provided by, or obtained about, the consumer; obtain a copy of the consumer’s personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format; and opt out of the processing of their personal data for purposes of (1) targeted advertising, (2) the sale of personal data, or (3) profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. To exercise the access and deletion rights described above, you may submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: Emailing us at privacy@datadelivers.com Visiting our webpage at https:\\www.datadelivers.com To opt out of the sale of your personal information, click the following link: Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information . Only you, or someone that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. We will work to respond to your request within fifteen (15) business days (for opt-out requests) or forty-five calendar days (for deletion and access requests) of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a request unless your request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your request warrants a fee, we will notify you and explain our decision before completing your request. 2. Data Delivers Website Privacy Policy DataDelivers does not collect personally identifiable information (PII) about visitors except when visitors specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. PII may be gathered from registration forms, content submissions, and community postings (e.g., chat and blogs). We may collect PII, such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, contact preferences, and other identifiers as part of our effort to transact business with you and to answer your inquiries.We may also collect PII from you for marketing purposes unless you “opt-out” and request that you not be contacted in conjunction with such marketing activities. We will not knowingly collect, use, or disclose data for marketing purposes on anyone under the age of eighteen. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://datadelivers.com/ We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us. Usage Data We may also collect information on how the Site is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Location Data We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Site, to improve and customize our Site. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Site at any time by way of your device settings. Tracking Cookies Data We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Site and we hold certain information. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Site. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site. Examples of Cookies we use: Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Site. Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings. Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes. Use of Data DataDelivers uses the collected Site data for various purposes: To provide and maintain our Site To notify you about changes to our Site To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Site when you choose to do so To provide customer support To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Site To monitor the usage of our Site To detect, prevent and address technical issues To provide you with news, exclusive offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information. Retention of Data DataDelivers will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies. DataDelivers will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Site, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods. Transfer of Data Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. DataDelivers will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. Disclosure of Data Disclosure for Law Enforcement Under certain circumstances, DataDelivers may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency). Legal Requirements DataDelivers may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: To comply with a legal obligation To protect and defend the rights or property of Data Delivers To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site To protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public To protect against legal liability Security of Data The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Site Providers We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Site (“Site Providers”), provide the Site on our behalf, perform Site-related services, or assist us in analyzing how our Site is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Analytics We may use third-party Site Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Site. Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics Service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Site. This data is shared with other Google Sites. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Site available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en Links to Other Sites Our Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or Sites. Children’s Privacy Our Site does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of eighteen. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us: By email: privacy@datadelivers.com By phone number: 630-635-2400 data delivers Follow us on LinkedIn ©2023. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Unsubscribe Careers 100 W. Hillcrest Blvd., Ste. 406  Schaumburg, IL 60195 Email: INFO@DATADELIVERS.COM Phone: 630-635-2400 Privacy Policy Unsubscribe Careers Back to top