Performance Marketing Agency Los Angeles | Apollo Interactive Use Website In a Screen-Reader Mode Skip to Content ↵ ENTER Skip to Menu ↵ ENTER Skip to Footer ↵ ENTER Toggle navigation About Us History The Team Culture Press What We Do Lead Generation Ecommerce Advertising Our Work Our Clients Our Partners Contact Privacy Policy We are committed to protecting your privacy Any information we collect will be kept under technological lock and key, and used only to help you find the right insurance. Below you'll find our official privacy policy. If you have any additional questions about how we safeguard your information, email us at info@apollointeractive.com . Web Site Privacy Policy This is the privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") for the apollointeractive.com site (the "Site"). This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of certain information relating to your use of the Site. Your use of this Site signifies your understanding and acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and part of, the Legal Info, which govern your use of the Site in general. Age Requirement for Use of Site: This Site is not intended for use by persons under the age of 18 years old. You must be 18 years old or older to provide any personal information to the Site, or to us through the Site. Domicile Requirement for Use of the Site: You represent and warrant that you are domiciled in the United States. You can jump to a specific section of our Privacy Policy by clicking on the section below: Collecting Information Usage and Sharing Security Links General Privacy Notices Your California Privacy Rights Your Nevada Privacy Rights Children's Privacy International Data Transfers Changes to This Privacy Policy Contact Us 1. Collecting Information: Personally Identifiable Information The Site may request and collect certain personally identifiable information including, but not limited to, personal information submitted to us through various means such as online forms, information requests, e-mail and comments submitted to the Site. Such information collected through the Site may include your contact information, financial information, health-related information, and other sensitive information. Non-Personally Identifiable Information We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information via the Site, such as Site usage activity and preferences, as well as demographic and profile data. Information that we automatically collect Our Site uses cookies and other tracking technologies such as web beacons, embedded scripts, and tags ("Cookies"), which collect information from you automatically as your use our Sites, including: Browser and device data , such as IP address, device identifier, device type, operating system and Internet browser type, screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, plug-ins, add-ons, and the language version of the Sites you are visiting; and Usage data , such as geolocation data, browsing history, time spent on the Site, pages visited, links clicked, language preferences, patterns of use, and the pages that led or referred you to our Site. We also collect information about your online activities on websites and connected devices over time and across third-party websites, devices, apps, and other online features and services.  For example, some of our community websites may use Google Analytics on our Site to help us analyze your use of our Site and diagnose technical issues. Our website utilizes tracking technologies to collect and record your activities and movements across our websites throughout your browsing session, including to track button clicks, mouse movements, scrolling, resizing, touches, keystrokes, data entered, device information and orientation, browser visual elements, and screen size ("Session Data"), for purposes of our own internal analytics and improving our products, services, and user experience. Such tracking may include recorded sessions, which we may play back for these purposes. We may share Session Data with our third party analytics or service providers, which may change from time-to-time, for these purposes, who will use the Session Data solely on our behalf and for our benefit. Please review how you consent to the collection, use, and sharing of Session Data in our Terms of Use . 2. Usage And Sharing: We use information collected on and through this Site for a variety of purposes in the course of business and as otherwise set forth herein. Because we offer you the ability to connect with hundreds of other companies that offer products and services that you may be interested in, including companies in the insurance, mortgage, and other industries, we may share your personal information with one or more third parties such as insurance companies, insurance carriers, mortgage companies, marketing companies, brokers/agents, call centers, lead buyers, lead generators, and advertising agencies (together, our " Third Party Partners ") consistent with your engagement with us. Such information may be used to process the information you submit to us to receive quotations or to send you information about our and our Third Party Partners' products and services and other information and materials that may be of interest to you, consistent with the context in which you provided your information. This information may also be used by us to evaluate what portions of the Site are more popular than others, determine where visitors came from, where they go, and how long they stay on a particular page, or the Site in general. Information may be forwarded to one or more of our Third Party Partners who may contact you with a quote by email, telephone, postal mail or other forms of communication. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the Third Party Partner(s) to whom we forward your information; rather, they may have their own Privacy Policy and we encourage you to review it. We may disclose your personal information to companies that perform technology or marketing services for us for their use in performing such services. We may transfer, sell or assign personal information to third parties as a result of a sale of all or substantially all of our assets relating to this portion of our business or in connection with a merger, consolidation, change in control, reorganization or liquidation. We also reserve the right to disclose any information concerning you if required by law or to protect or defend our rights or the rights or well-being of our users or if you are involved (or are reasonably suspected to be involved) in any illegal activity, even without a subpoena, warrant or court order. We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources, including third parties. We may transfer, sell or assign aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about Site usage to Third Party Partners. Electronic marketing communications. We may send you promotional email communications about Apollo, invite you to participate in promotions, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, consistent with your preferences and applicable law. For example, when we collect your contact information through your interaction with our Site, we may use that information to follow up with you to send you information that you have requested about Apollo or our Third Party Partners. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these marketing communications from us via the unsubscribe link provided in such emails or by emailing an opt-out request to compliance@apollointeractive.com . 3. Security: The request forms on the Site supports encryption to help protect the security of your transfer of data to the Site. Although we will take all reasonable security precautions regarding information stored on the Site, due to the open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that any information stored on our servers, or transmitted to or from a user, will be free from unauthorized access, and we disclaim any liability for any theft or loss of, unauthorized access or damage to, or interception of any data or communications. By using the Site, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks. 4. Links: This Site may contain links or references to other Web sites outside of our control. Please be aware that we have no control over these sites and our Privacy Policy does not apply to these sites. 5. General Privacy Notices This section of the Privacy Policy supplements the information contained elsewhere in our Privacy Policy and applies to visitors, users, and others who reside in those states that provide their residents with certain privacy rights, except the state of California, and about whom Apollo collects Personal Information (“Consumers”). The provisions contained within this section is intended to provide notices in compliance with applicable state privacy laws. For the purposes of this section only, except where a different definition is noted, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, whether it is collected by us through our Site, other online or electronic means, or offline (such as in-person or over the telephone).  Personal information does not include publicly available information, information that has been de-identified or aggregated, or other information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws. Any terms defined by applicable State privacy laws have the same meaning when used in this section. If you are a visually-impaired customer, a customer who has another disability or a customer who seek support in other language, you may access this notice by emailing us at legal@apollointeractive.com . Personal Information Collected Apollo Interactive collects Personal Information provided by Consumers through the Site. In the past 12 months, we have collected the following information from Consumers: Category of Information Examples Information Collected Identifiers A real name, alias, postal address, phone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, Social Security number, or other similar identifiers. Yes Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80. A name, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, medical information, or health insurance information. Yes Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, or veteran military status. Yes Commercial Information Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Yes Biometric information An individual’s physiological, biological or behavioral characteristics, including an individual’s deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), that can be use, singly or in combination with each other or with other identifying data, to establish individual identity, including but not limited to, imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted, and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information. No Internet or other electronic network activity information Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, advertisement. Yes Geolocation data Physical location, position, and movement data. Yes Sensory information Audio and electronic captured by our customer call center. Yes Professional or employment-related information Present and past employment data. Yes Education information Education records maintained by educational institutions or third parties on behalf of these institutions. Yes Inferences drawn from any other information Data reflecting a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, habits, attitudes, predispositions, intelligences, and abilities. Yes Sensitive Personal Information. Apollo may collect sensitive personal information, such as health information, provided by Consumers through the Site. Any sensitive personal information collected is used or disclosed solely for the purpose of providing the services or products sought by the consumer. Sources of Personal Information Collected The categories of Personal Information described above are collected from the following categories of sources: Directly from Consumers or their agents, such as through Consumers’ responses to forms on this Site. Directly and indirectly from activity on the Site, such as through our automated collection of information regarding Consumers’ interaction with this Site. From third-parties that work with us to provide services to Consumers, such as our Third Party Partners that we connect Consumers with to fulfill their requests. Uses of Personal Information The information we collect is used to: Process submitted information forms to receive quotations or to send you information about our and our Third Party Partners’ products and services and other materials that may be of interest to you, consistent with the context in which you provided the information Provide the Consumer with information, products, or services that have been requested, whether they are offered by us or our Third Party Partners Perform internal and external marketing Carry out obligations and enforce contractual rights Improve the services provided through the Site, such as through testing, research, analysis, and development Respond to requests from law enforcement and government organizations as required by law, court order, or government regulation Evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, sale, or other transfer of some or all of our assets whether on an ongoing basis or as part of a discrete transaction in which collected personal information is among the assets transferred Sharing and Sale of Personal Information As disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we disclose and/or sell the categories of personal information described in Section 5(A) of this Notice to one or more third parties as follows: Category of Personal Information Categories of Third Parties Disclosed To Categories of Third Parties Sold To Identifiers Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Characteristics of protected classifications Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Commercial information Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Information relating to Internet activity or other electronic activity Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Geolocation data Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Professional or employment-related information Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Education information Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Inference data Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Personal Information for minors under 16 years of age is never collected, disclosed, nor sold. Your Privacy Rights Consumers may have several rights under their state’s privacy laws. These may include: The right to know what categories and specific pieces of Personal Information are collected, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected, and the business purposes for which the Personal Information is disclosed, sold, or shared The right to request deletion of Personal Information collected by us The right to request the correction of inaccurate information maintained by us The right to opt-out of the sale of Personal Information The right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for choosing to exercise privacy rights Even after fulfilling a request for deletion, we are required to maintain records for statutory compliance. To submit a privacy rights request, please either complete our interactive webform , call our toll-free telephone number (877) 363-6341, or send an email to requests@apollointeractive.com. Once we have received a request, we work with Consumers to verify the request. As part of the verification process, we may ask a Consumer to provide their first and last name, phone number, email, and/or address. To opt-out of the sale or sharing of Personal Information, please complete our interactive webform for Do Not Sell requests. If you utilize a global privacy preference signal in your browser, we will attempt to acknowledge the signal if required by applicable law. If we are able to recognize the signal, a pop up will appear providing you with the option to opt-out of the collection or sharing of your information through our Data Request Form . To designate an authorized agent to submit requests on the Consumer’s behalf, please fill out the section for authorized agents on the Data Request Form . If a Consumer does not agree with our decision regarding their privacy rights request, that consumer may appeal the decision by emailing legal@apollointeractive.com . Notice of Right to Opt-Out Apollo sells personal information as further detailed in Section 6(D) above, as well as throughout this Privacy Policy.  If you wish to request an opt-out of such sales, you may do so by accessing our interactive webform for Do Not Sell requests. 6. Your California Privacy Rights: This section of the Privacy Policy supplements the information contained elsewhere in our Privacy Policy and applies to visitors, users, and others who reside in the state of California and about whom Apollo collects Personal Information ("Consumers"). The provisions contained within this section is intended to provide notices in compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"). For the purposes of this section only, except where a different definition is noted, "Personal Information" means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California consumer or household, whether it is collected by us through our Site, other online or electronic means, or offline (such as in-person or over the telephone).  Personal information does not include publicly available information, information that has been de-identified or aggregated, or other information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws. Any terms defined by the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this section. If you are a visually-impaired customer, a customer who has another disability or a customer who seek support in other language, you may access this notice by emailing us at legal@apollointeractive.com . Personal Information Collected Apollo Interactive collects Personal Information provided by Consumers through the Site. In the past 12 months, we have collected the following information from Consumers: Category of Information Examples Information Collected Identifiers A real name, alias, postal address, phone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, Social Security number, or other similar identifiers. Yes Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80. A name, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, medical information, or health insurance information. Yes Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, or veteran military status. Yes Commercial Information Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Yes Biometric information An individual's physiological, biological or behavioral characteristics, including an individual's deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), that can be use, singly or in combination with each other or with other identifying data, to establish individual identity, including but not limited to, imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted, and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information. No Internet or other electronic network activity information Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an Internet Web site, application, advertisement. Yes Geolocation data Physical location, position, and movement data. Yes Sensory information Audio and electronic captured by our customer call center. Yes Professional or employment-related information Present and past employment data. Yes Education information Education records maintained by educational institutions or third parties on behalf of these institutions. Yes Inferences drawn from any other information Data reflecting a consumer's preferences, characteristics, habits, attitudes, predispositions, intelligences, and abilities. Yes Sources of Personal Information Collected The categories of Personal Information described above are collected from the following categories of sources: Directly from Consumers or their agents, such as through Consumers' responses to forms on this Site. Directly and indirectly from activity on the Site, such as through our automated collection of information regarding Consumers' interaction with this Site. From third-parties that work with us to provide services to Consumers, such as our Third Party Partners that we connect Consumers with to fulfill their requests. Uses of Personal Information The information we collect is used to: Process submitted information forms to receive quotations or to send you information about our and our Third Party Partners' products and services and other materials that may be of interest to you, consistent with the context in which you provided the information Provide the Consumer with information, products, or services that have been requested, whether they are offered by us or our Third Party Partners Perform internal and external marketing Carry out obligations and enforce contractual rights Improve the services provided through the Site, such as through testing, research, analysis, and development Respond to requests from law enforcement and government organizations as required by law, court order, or government regulation Evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, sale, or other transfer of some or all of our assets whether on an ongoing basis or as part of a discrete transaction in which collected personal information is among the assets transferred Sharing and Sale of Personal Information As disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we disclose and/or sell the categories of personal information described in Section 5(A) of this Notice to one or more third parties as follows: Category of Personal Information Categories of Third Parties Disclosed To Categories of Third Parties Sold To Identifiers Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Characteristics of protected classifications Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Commercial information Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Information relating to Internet activity or other electronic activity Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Geolocation data Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Professional or employment-related information Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Education information Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Inference data Our product/service providers Third Party Partners Personal Information for minors under 16 years of age is never collected, disclosed, nor sold. Your Privacy Rights Consumers have several rights under the CCPA. These include: The right to know what categories and specific pieces of Personal Information are collected, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected, and the business purposes for which the Personal Information is disclosed, sold, or shared The right to request deletion of Personal Information collected by us The right to request the correction of inaccurate information maintained by us The right to opt-out of the sale of Personal Information The right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for choosing to exercise privacy rights under the CCPA Even after fulfilling a request for deletion, we are required to maintain records for statutory compliance. To submit a request to know, correct, or delete Personal Information, please either complete our interactive webform , call our toll-free telephone number (877) 363-6341, or send an email to requests@apollointeractive.com . Once we have received a request, we work with Consumers to verify the request. As part of the verification process, we may ask a Consumer to provide their first and last name, phone number, email, and/or address. To opt-out of the sale or sharing of Personal Information, please complete our interactive webform for Do Not Sell requests. If you utilize an opt-out preference signal in your browser, we will attempt to acknowledge the signal. If we are able to recognize the signal, a pop up will appear providing you with the option to opt-out of the collection or sharing of your information through our Data Request Form . To designate an authorized agent to submit requests under the CCPA on the Consumer's behalf, please fill out the section for authorized agents on the Data Request Form . Direct marketing by third parties. Apollo discloses personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.  California residents have the right to request information regarding such practices under California's "Shine the Light" law.  If you are a California resident and would like to inquire further, please send an email to legal@apollointeractive.com Notice of Right to Opt-Out Apollo sells personal information as further detailed in Section 6(D) above, as well as throughout this Privacy Policy.  If you wish to request an opt-out of such sales, you may do so by accessing our interactive webform for Do Not Sell requests. 7. Your Nevada Privacy Rights Nevada residents have the right to request to opt out of any "sale" of their personal information under Nevada SB 220.  You may request to opt out of the future sale of your personal information.  If you are a Nevada resident and would like to make such a request, please complete our interactive webform , and provide "Nevada Privacy Rights" in the subject line. In the event we sell your personal information after the receipt of your request, we will make reasonable efforts to comply with such request. 8. Children's Privacy The Sites are intended for a general audience and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under age 18 through the Sites. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please send an email to requests@apollointeractive.com .  If we become aware that we have collected personal information from children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers. 9. International Data Transfers Our Sites are operated exclusively in the United States and intended for users located in the United States.  We may transfer, store and use information we collect and maintain about you, including personal information outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction.  The data protection laws in the jurisdiction in which we process personal information may differ from those of your jurisdiction, and in certain circumstances, your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, law enforcement agencies or regulatory agencies in those other jurisdictions.  By using the Sites or providing us with any information, you consent to the transfer and processing of your information, including personal information, in the United States as set forth in this Privacy Policy. 10. Changes to This Privacy Policy If you choose to use our Site, we will collect, use, and share your personal information as detailed in this Privacy Policy.  If you do not want us to engage in these practices, please do not use our Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time, consistent with our legal obligations, so visitors are encouraged to review this policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will take reasonable measures to notify you via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site prior to the change becoming effective, and will update the effective date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.  Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes. Should you have any other questions about our Privacy Policy, please email us at info@apollointeractive.com 11. Contact Us: If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to exercise one of your privacy rights, please contact us by emailing info@apollointeractive.com or sending a letter to: Apollo Interactive 531 Main Street Suite 902 El Segundo, CA 90245 This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 13, 2023. Contact Us We'd like to hear from you 139 Illinois Street El Segundo, CA 90245 310.836.9777 Name Last Name Email Message Captcha Submit About Us History The Team Culture Press What We Do Lead Generation E-Commerce Advertising Our Work Our Clients Our Partners Company Careers Login Signup 139 Illinois Street El Segundo, CA 90245 310.836.9777 Inc. 5 0 0 0 Honoree Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Do Not Sell My Personal Information English Accessibility Adjustments Reset Settings Statement Hide Interface Choose the right accessibility profile for you OFF ON Seizure Safe Profile Clear flashes & reduces color This profile enables epileptic and seizure prone users to browse safely by eliminating the risk of seizures that result from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations. OFF ON Vision Impaired Profile Enhances website's visuals This profile adjusts the website, so that it is accessible to the majority of visual impairments such as Degrading Eyesight, Tunnel Vision, Cataract, Glaucoma, and others. OFF ON ADHD Friendly Profile More focus & fewer distractions This profile significantly reduces distractions, to help people with ADHD and Neurodevelopmental disorders browse, read, and focus on the essential elements of the website more easily. OFF ON Cognitive Disability Profile Assists with reading & focusing This profile provides various assistive features to help users with cognitive disabilities such as Autism, Dyslexia, CVA, and others, to focus on the essential elements of the website more easily. OFF ON Keyboard Navigation (Motor) Use website with the keyboard This profile enables motor-impaired persons to operate the website using the keyboard Tab, Shift+Tab, and the Enter keys. Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements. Note: This profile prompts automatically for keyboard users. OFF ON Blind Users (Screen Reader) Optimize website for screen-readers This profile adjusts the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack. A screen-reader is software that is installed on the blind user’s computer and smartphone, and websites should ensure compatibility with it. Note: This profile prompts automatically to screen-readers. Content Adjustments Content Scaling Default Readable Font Highlight Titles Highlight Links Text Magnifier Adjust Font Sizing Default Align Center Adjust Line Height Default Align Left Adjust Letter Spacing Default Align Right Color Adjustments Dark Contrast Light Contrast High Contrast High Saturation Adjust Text Colors Cancel Monochrome Adjust Title Colors Cancel Low Saturation Adjust Background Colors Cancel Orientation Adjustments Mute Sounds Hide Images Read Mode Reading Guide Useful Links Select an option Home Header Footer Main Content Stop Animations Reading Mask Highlight Hover Highlight Focus Big Black Cursor Big White Cursor HIDDEN_ADJUSTMENTS Keyboard Navigation Accessible Mode Screen Reader Adjustments Read Mode Web Accessibility By Learn More Choose the Interface Language English Español Deutsch Português Français Italiano עברית 繁體中文 Pусский عربى عربى Nederlands 繁體中文 日本語 Polski Türk Accessibility Statement Compliance status We firmly believe that the internet should be available and accessible to anyone and are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the broadest possible audience, regardless of ability. To fulfill this, we aim to adhere as strictly as possible to the World Wide Web Consortium’s (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 (WCAG 2.1) at the AA level. These guidelines explain how to make web content accessible to people with a wide array of disabilities. Complying with those guidelines helps us ensure that the website is accessible to blind people, people with motor impairments, visual impairment, cognitive disabilities, and more. This website utilizes various technologies that are meant to make it as accessible as possible at all times. We utilize an accessibility interface that allows persons with specific disabilities to adjust the website’s UI (user interface) and design it to their personal needs. Additionally, the website utilizes an AI-based application that runs in the background and optimizes its accessibility level constantly. This application remediates the website’s HTML, adapts its functionality and behavior for screen-readers used by blind users, and for keyboard functions used by individuals with motor impairments. If you wish to contact the website’s owner please use the website's form Screen-reader and keyboard navigation Our website implements the ARIA attributes (Accessible Rich Internet Applications) technique, alongside various behavioral changes, to ensure blind users visiting with screen-readers can read, comprehend, and enjoy the website’s functions. As soon as a user with a screen-reader enters your site, they immediately receive a prompt to enter the Screen-Reader Profile so they can browse and operate your site effectively. Here’s how our website covers some of the most important screen-reader requirements: Screen-reader optimization: we run a process that learns the website’s components from top to bottom, to ensure ongoing compliance even when updating the website. In this process, we provide screen-readers with meaningful data using the ARIA set of attributes. For example, we provide accurate form labels; descriptions for actionable icons (social media icons, search icons, cart icons, etc.); validation guidance for form inputs; element roles such as buttons, menus, modal dialogues (popups), and others. Additionally, the background process scans all of the website’s images. It provides an accurate and meaningful image-object-recognition-based description as an ALT (alternate text) tag for images that are not described. It will also extract texts embedded within the image using an OCR (optical character recognition) technology. To turn on screen-reader adjustments at any time, users need only to press the Alt+1 keyboard combination. Screen-reader users also get automatic announcements to turn the Screen-reader mode on as soon as they enter the website. These adjustments are compatible with popular screen readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack. Keyboard navigation optimization: The background process also adjusts the website’s HTML and adds various behaviors using JavaScript code to make the website operable by the keyboard. This includes the ability to navigate the website using the Tab and Shift+Tab keys, operate dropdowns with the arrow keys, close them with Esc, trigger buttons and links using the Enter key, navigate between radio and checkbox elements using the arrow keys, and fill them in with the Spacebar or Enter key. Additionally, keyboard users will find content-skip menus available at any time by clicking Alt+2, or as the first element of the site while navigating with the keyboard. The background process also handles triggered popups by moving the keyboard focus towards them as soon as they appear, not allowing the focus to drift outside. Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements. Disability profiles supported on our website Epilepsy Safe Profile: this profile enables people with epilepsy to safely use the website by eliminating the risk of seizures resulting from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations. Vision Impaired Profile: this profile adjusts the website so that it is accessible to the majority of visual impairments such as Degrading Eyesight, Tunnel Vision, Cataract, Glaucoma, and others. Cognitive Disability Profile: this profile provides various assistive features to help users with cognitive disabilities such as Autism, Dyslexia, CVA, and others, to focus on the essential elements more easily. ADHD Friendly Profile : this profile significantly reduces distractions and noise to help people with ADHD, and Neurodevelopmental disorders browse, read, and focus on the essential elements more easily. Blind Users Profile (Screen-readers): this profile adjusts the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack. A screen-reader is installed on the blind user’s computer, and this site is compatible with it. Keyboard Navigation Profile (Motor-Impaired): this profile enables motor-impaired persons to operate the website using the keyboard Tab, Shift+Tab, and the Enter keys. Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements. Additional UI, design, and readability adjustments Font adjustments – users can increase and decrease its size, change its family (type), adjust the spacing, alignment, line height, and more. Color adjustments – users can select various color contrast profiles such as light, dark, inverted, and monochrome. Additionally, users can swap color schemes of titles, texts, and backgrounds with over seven different coloring options. Animations – epileptic users can stop all running animations with the click of a button. Animations controlled by the interface include videos, GIFs, and CSS flashing transitions. Content highlighting – users can choose to emphasize essential elements such as links and titles. They can also choose to highlight focused or hovered elements only. Audio muting – users with hearing devices may experience headaches or other issues due to automatic audio playing. This option lets users mute the entire website instantly. Cognitive disorders – we utilize a search engine linked to Wikipedia and Wiktionary, allowing people with cognitive disorders to decipher meanings of phrases, initials, slang, and others. Additional functions – we allow users to change cursor color and size, use a printing mode, enable a virtual keyboard, and many other functions. Assistive technology and browser compatibility We aim to support as many browsers and assistive technologies as possible, so our users can choose the best fitting tools for them, with as few limitations as possible. Therefore, we have worked very hard to be able to support all major systems that comprise over 95% of the user market share, including Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, Opera and Microsoft Edge, JAWS, and NVDA (screen readers), both for Windows and MAC users. Notes, comments, and feedback Despite our very best efforts to allow anybody to adjust the website to their needs, there may still be pages or sections that are not fully accessible, are in the process of becoming accessible, or are lacking an adequate technological solution to make them accessible. Still, we are continually improving our accessibility, adding, updating, improving its options and features, and developing and adopting new technologies. All this is meant to reach the optimal level of accessibility following technological advancements. If you wish to contact the website’s owner, please use the website's form Hide Accessibility Interface? Please note: If you choose to hide the accessibility interface, you won't be able to see it anymore, unless you clear your browsing history and data. Are you sure that you wish to hide the interface? Accept Cancel Continue Processing the data, please give it a few seconds... Press Alt+1 for screen-reader mode