Privacy Policy - Belardi Wong SWIFT SERVICES Open menu Direct Mail SWIFT New Customer Acquisition Fundraising Digital Strategy Data Analytics Creative Services INSIGHTS WHO WE ARE CONTACT Menu SWIFT SERVICES Open menu Direct Mail SWIFT New Customer Acquisition Fundraising Digital Strategy Data Analytics Creative Services INSIGHTS WHO WE ARE CONTACT + OUR CLIENTS Belardi Wong Privacy Policy This privacy policy (“Policy”) applies to information collected through Belardi Wong (“BW,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) www.belardiwong.com (the “Site”). INFORMATION COLLECTION When you use or visit our Site, we collect the following types of information: Personal information you choose to provide to us, for example, when you make requests for information and assistance, such as: Your name; Mailing address; E-mail address; and Telephone number. Information about the company for which you work. Sensitive information, to register for certain products and services. Technical information, through our use of cookies, sensors, log files, and other technical mechanisms, such as: Browser type; IP address; Mobile device type and identifier; Screen resolution; Operating system; The date and time of a visit or use; The pages visited on the Site; and The time spent viewing particular pages of the Site. INFORMATION USE We may use the information we collect about you for purposes such as enabling you to: receive responses to your requests for information from BW; register for special offers, seminars or demonstrations; participate in surveys and contests; download thought leadership papers, videos, and podcasts; subscribe to some additional BW products and services; access our products; and to apply for employment. BW may combine the information you provide to us through your use of the Site with information we collect from other sources. INFORMATION SHARING The Site does not allow third parties to collect personal information about you related to your online activities when you use this Site.  However, the information provided to us through the Site may be provided to our partners and third parties who may offer products or services of interest to you. BW screens all third parties that would receive such information and reviews the intended use of the data before providing any information to them. These parties include such companies as software and hardware vendors and other information providers. BW may also provide aggregated information, such as the number of visitors to the Site or the results of a survey, with our partners and third parties to develop suggestions to improve our Site accessibility and the services provided on the Site. BW may use contractors and other service providers to help us deliver services accessed through this Site and to deliver content and fulfill requests made on this Site. In these instances, the information you provide remains the property of BW. In addition, we reserve the right to disclose the information you provided as required by law; as otherwise requested by law, regulation, or government authority; or when we believe disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or the rights or safety of third parties, including to comply with a subpoena, judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on our Site. If BW goes through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition, sale, assignment, divestiture, or transfer of all or part of our assets or products, including as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, your personal information will likely be among the assets transferred, and we may share your information in the event of such transfer.  We will require an acquiring company to uphold the material terms of this Policy. THIRD PARTY LINKS This website may contain links to other third-party sites and embedded third party services, such as social media. Please be aware that BW is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites and this Policy does not apply to any information that you provide to the owners of those sites. We encourage you, when you leave this site, to read the privacy statements of these other sites before you provide any information to that site’s owner. The Site may also include social media tools or “plug-ins,” such as social networking and blogging tools offered by third parties.  If you use these tools to share personal information or you otherwise interact with social media features on the Site, those social media companies may collect information about you and may use and share such information in accordance with your account settings, including sharing such information with the general public.  Your interactions with third party social media companies and the use of their features are governed by the privacy policies of the social media companies that provide those features.  We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies of any social media accounts you create and use. YOUR CHOICES Digital Advertising & Analytics We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) that serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated platforms.  Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your use of the Site and other websites or apps over time, including information about relationships among different browsers and devices.  This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising. We adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles in connection with this interest-based advertising activity.  You may visit the DAA Webchoices tool at http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN to learn more about this type of advertising and how to opt out of it on websites by companies participating in the DAA self-regulatory program.  If you delete your cookies or use a different browser or mobile device, you may need to renew your opt-out choices exercised through the DAA Webchoices tool.  Note that electing to opt out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications.  It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests.  Additionally, your browser may offer tools to limit the use of cookies or to delete cookies; however, if you use these tools, our Site may not function as intended. We may also work with third parties that collect data about your use of the Site and other websites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes.  Among these third parties, we may use Google to improve the performance of the Site and for analytics and marketing purposes.  For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our Site, visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ , and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ . Unsubscribe or Opt Out from Promotional Communications Belardi Wong offers you the opportunity to opt out of receiving promotional e-mail, calls or mail from BW about our products and services. To do so, please click here . For e-mail, individuals may opt out at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism within the e-mail, which allows individuals to manage their subscription preferences regarding BW newsletters, e-mail alerts and special offers. This mechanism does not allow a user to opt out of receiving transactional e-mail, such as registration confirmation, product updates and responses to direct requests. Privacy Officer Contact Information Privacy Officer Belardi Wong 39 Broadway 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10006 Email: privacy.officer@belardiwong.com Call: Belardi Wong ALC, LLC Privacy Office at 800-252-5478 California Privacy Rights If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“the CCPA”) provides you with certain rights relating to the data that Belardi Wong may have collected about you. Those rights include: The right to opt out of our sale of your personal information. The right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we may collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal information, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal information, the categories of your personal information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal information. We use a two-step process to validate identity before providing personal information. The right to request that we delete the personal information we may have collected directly from you. We use a two-step process to validate identity prior to deleting information. The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of services if you choose to exercise these rights. As described in this Policy, we may make personal information available to third parties for their marketing purposes.  California residents may opt-out of BW’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes pursuant to California Civil Code section 1798.83 and the California Consumer Privacy Act clicking here . If you are a California resident and want to know what categories or specific personal information is collected, used, shared or sold about you please click here . If you are a California resident and want us to delete personal information that we may have about you please click here .  If you are a California resident and would like to request information we may have about you to be rectified, please click here to submit a request. Once we have verified your identity through our two-step process, we will provide information we may have about you and you may communicate the information you may wish to rectified. For Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Utah and Virginia Residents We may make personal information available to third parties for their marketing purposes.  Residents from these states may opt-out of Belardi Wong’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes pursuant to their state laws by clicking here . If you want to know what categories or specific personal information is collected, used, shared or sold about you please click here .   If you want us to delete personal information that we may have about you please click here . If you would like to request information we may have about you to be rectified, please click here to submit a request. Once we have verified your identity through our two-step process we will provide information we may have about you and you may communicate the information you may wish to rectify. For Nevada Residents If you are a Nevada resident and would like to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, please click here , email our Privacy Officer at: privacy.officer@belardiwong.com , or, send your request to: 39 Broadway 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10006. For U.S. Residents As described in this Policy, we may make personal information available to third parties for their marketing purposes.  U.S. residents may opt-out of Belardi Wong’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes by clicking here . If you are a U.S. resident and would like to make a verifiable consumer request to delete any personal information that we may have about you please click here . Visitors from the United Kingdom and Europe If we collected personal information from you and you are a resident of the European Union or the United Kingdom, you have the right to be informed, withdraw consent, or request the deletion/erasure of personal data as defined under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679.  To make a verifiable consumer request please click here . Visitors from Canada If we collected personal information from you and you are a resident of Canada, you have the right to withdraw consent/opt out, the right to access personal data, or the right of rectification under the privacy policies of your country. To make a verifiable consumer request please click here . Visitors from Australia If we collected personal information from you and you are a resident of Australia, you have the right to withdraw consent/opt out, the right to access personal data, the right of rectification, or the right to request the deletion/de-identification of personal data as defined under the privacy policies of your country. To make a verifiable consumer request please click here . Verification Process and Required Information. Please note that in order to exercise your rights for information and/or deletion, we may take reasonable steps to verify the identity of a consumer making the request. To prevent the unauthorized access or deletion of personal information, we may request a notarized affidavit verifying a consumer’s identity. We request that our affidavit be notarized and returned to us (as described in instructions that will be provided upon submission request). Belardi Wong will compensate for the reasonable cost of this notarization. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the right to know and/or right to deletion, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or if an exception applies. Authorized Agent. You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests, or a power of attorney. We may also follow up to verify your identity by requesting a notarized affidavit before processing the authorized agent’s request. CHANGES TO OUR POLICY Belardi Wong may modify or revise this Policy at any time.  We encourage you to revisit this Policy regularly to stay informed about how we collect, use, and share your information. CONTACT US If you have questions about this Policy, please contact us at privacy.officer@belardiwong.com . SERVICES CONSUMER FUNDRAISING INSIGHTS WHO WE ARE CAREERS CONTACT Menu SERVICES CONSUMER FUNDRAISING INSIGHTS WHO WE ARE CAREERS CONTACT Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell My Personal Information Copyright © 2021 Belardi Wong LINKEDIN FACEBOOK TWITTER Menu LINKEDIN FACEBOOK TWITTER