Website Privacy Policy — Nativo Native Platform News & Press Careers Login Advertisers self-service Advertisers Self Service publishers Technology Learn Advertiser Case Studies Research & Insights Publisher Webinars Learn Advertiser Publisher Research & Insights Webinars Our Story contact Privacy Policy What does this Website Privacy Policy Cover? Last Updated: january 20, 2023 We want to be transparent with you about how we collect and use your Personal Data when you visit our website available at www.nativo.com or any other Nativo web property or service referencing this Website Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Website”). With that in mind, this Website Privacy Policy is designed to describe: Who we are. What we do. Cookies. What “Your Rights” are. What Personal Data we collect. How we use your Personal Data and why. Who we share your Personal Data with. How we keep your Personal Data secure. How long we store your Personal Data. Our policy on children. ‍ This Website Privacy Policy does not cover Personal Data that we collect and use when you visit the websites or mobile apps of our publisher and online advertiser clients – this information can be found on our interest-based ads page. LEARN MORE ‍ EU-wide data protection legislation known as the “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR” (a copy of which is posted here ), has effect from May 25th, 2018. California data protection legislation known as the “California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018” has effect from January 1, 2020, as amended and superseded by the “ California Privacy Rights Act of 2020” or “ CPRA ”. The Website Privacy Policy is intended to meet our duties of Transparency under the GDPR, the CPRA and all other applicable privacy laws. We will post any modifications or changes to this Website Privacy Policy on this page. ‍ Who we are. We are Nativo, Inc. We are a Delaware company. Our address is: 222 Pacific Coast Highway, 10th Floor, El Segundo, CA 90245. We have appointed a “Data Protection Officer”, this is a person who is responsible for overseeing and advising us in relation to our compliance with the GDPR and our compliance with this Interest Based Ads Privacy Policy. If you want to contact our Data Protection Officer directly, you can email: privacy@nativo.com . ‍ What we do. Nativo is an advertising technology provider. Our technology facilitates campaign planning, buying, management, delivery, optimization, measurement and analytics for advertisers and agencies and enables publishers to build, upload, host, serve, render and report on campaigns delivered to their web and mobile app properties. ‍ Cookies. The Website uses cookies, pixels, beacons and similar technology placed by us or third parties. The cookie we set (the “Nativo Cookie”) is a ‘persistent’ browser cookie. This means the Nativo Cookie remains on your device even after you close out of your browser or turn off your device. Nativo uses this Nativo Cookie and other similar technologies to help us store basic information about a user of the Website. This enables us to identify account holders, to optimize user experience on the Website, and to learn from and improve the Nativo technology and services, based on user behavior. Cookies may also be used by our third-party providers to track how you use the Website to target ads to you on other websites. To be able to do the above, we need to collect: A unique identifier (which is resettable) assigned to a particular cookie (a “Cookie ID”); and information about your logged-in status, key value records and reference data regarding your interaction with the Website and our technology infrastructure and tools (collectively, “Passive Data”). Effect of clearing your Cookies. If you clear your cookies, it will delete the Nativo Cookie and therefore the Cookie ID will no longer identify a cookie on your device. This means the next time you visit the Website (unless you actively identify yourself by logging in), we will not recognize you or your device, we will treat you as an entirely new user we have never seen before and we will set the Nativo Cookie (together with a new Cookie ID) again. Expiry date of the Nativo Cookie. The Nativo Cookie expires within 30 days following the time at which you last visited the Website. ‍ What "Your Rights" are. Opt out of Targeted Advertising Nativo is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Codes of Conduct. You may use the NAI opt out tool , which will allow you to opt out of receiving tailored online ads from Nativo and from other NAI members. Reset your Cookies. You can typically remove or reject cookies via your browser settings. In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “settings,” “help” “tools” or “edit” facility). As noted above, if you clear your cookies, it will delete the Nativo Cookie and therefore the Cookie ID will no longer identify a cookie on your device. This means the next time you visit the Website (unless you actively identify yourself by logging in), we will not recognize you or your device, we will treat you as an entirely new user we have never seen before, and we will set the Nativo Cookie (together with a new Cookie ID) again. ‍ ADDITIONAL PRIVACY RIGHTS FOR EEA, UK AND SWITZERLAND USERS If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, you have the following additional rights: Erasure. In addition to the opt-out rights described above, you may have the right to request that we erase Personal Data we hold about you in certain situations. You can exercise these rights by contacting our Data Protection Officer at privacy@nativo.com or by clicking here . If you do not have an account with us, we won’t have a way to identify your data by name in our systems, so, in such case, we may need to request certain information from you (such as the applicable Cookie ID from your system) to complete this request. When we receive any request to erase your Personal Data, we will try to comply with it as soon as reasonably practicable and (in any event) within one month. Access. In certain situations, you may have the right to request access to the Personal Data associated with your account and/or your current Cookie ID. You can exercise this right by contacting our Data Protection Officer at privacy@nativo.com or by clicking here . If you don’t have any account with us, we don’t have a way to identify your data by name in our systems, so, in such case, we may need to request certain information from you (such as the applicable Cookie ID and Mobile Advertising IDs from your systems) to complete this request. When we receive a request, pursuant to the previous paragraph, to provide you with the Personal Data associated with your account and/or current Cookie ID, we will try to comply with it as soon as reasonably practicable and (in any event) within one month. Correction and amendment. If you have any account with us, you can correct your account information directly through your account, or by contacting your account manager at Nativo. However, if you believe we hold information about you that that you are unable to correct or amend through your account, we recommend you contact our Data Protection Officer at: privacy@nativo.com or by clicking here . Right to object. You have a right to object to our use of your Personal Data in certain situations. If you want to exercise this right at any time, the quickest and easiest way to do so is by ‘opting out’ following the steps described here. You can also request that we ‘erase’ your Personal Data by following the steps outlined here . You can also request that we stop sending marketing communications to your email address by using the unsubscribe link in our marketing emails or by contacting privacy@nativo.com . Complaints. If you would like to make a complaint regarding this Website Privacy Policy or our practices in relation to your Personal Data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@nativo.com . We will reply to your complaint as soon as we can and in any event, within forty-five (45) days. If you feel that your complaint has not been adequately resolved, please note that the GDPR gives you the right to contact your local data protection supervisory authority, which for the UK, is the Information Commissioner’s Office. For EEA residents: Please contact our EU Representative at eurep@nativo.com . Alternatively, they can be reached by post or phone: The DPO Centre Alexandra House 3 Ballsbridge Park Dublin D04C 7H2 (+353 1 631 9460) www.dpocentre.com ‍ ADDITIONAL PRIVACY RIGHTS FOR CALIFORNIA USERS AND SPECIFIC US STATE USERS Effective January 1, 2020, if you are a resident of the State of California (as defined in Section 17014 of Title 18 of the California Code of Regulations), then you have the below additional rights under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA), as amended by the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA), effective January 1, 2023. Any terms defined in the CPRA have the same meaning when used in this Section. In addition, depending on where you reside, you may have certain data protection rights under laws applicable to you and such state. Those rights may include the following rights. Deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information that we have collected and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Disclosure. You have the right to request, no more than twice in a 12-month period, disclosure of the personal information about you that we collect, use, disclose and sell during the preceding year, which shall include as follows: The categories of personal information that we’ve collected and sold about you, or shared for a business purpose with our service providers. The categories of sources from which we collected such information. The categories of third parties with whom we’ve shared that personal information and to whom we’ve sold that personal information. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you in a format that is easily understandable, and to the extent technically feasible, in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. That information may then be transmitted to another entity at your request without hindrance. Correction. If the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it corrected or completed. ‍ Non-Discrimination . We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. Opt out . We do not consider that our disclosure of personal information we collect to third parties constitutes a “Sale” of personal information under the CPRA. Rather, in the course of providing our services, we disclose personal information for business purposes. To opt out of the use of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes, please refer to the “ What Your Rights Are ” Section of this policy. Effective January 1, 2020, if you wish to contact us to submit a request, please feel free to contact us by email at privacy@nativo.com , or by clicking here . Your request must: (a) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and (b) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. For purposes of exercising your rights above, please refer to the “ What Personal Data we Collect ”, “ How we Use Your Personal Data and Why ” and “ Who We Share Your Personal Data With ” sections of this policy, which discloses the categories of personal information we have collected about consumers in the previous 12 months and the business purposes for which we use and disclose the information we collect. For clarity, under CPRA personal information does not include de-identified or aggregated consumer information. ‍ California Consumer Request Metrics. The below California consumer request metric report is from the calendar year of 2022. Requests to Delete Total Number of Requests Received - 52 Total Number of Requests Complied With In Whole of Part - 52 Total Number of Requests Denied - 0 Requests to Correct Total Number of Requests Received - 0 Total Number of Requests Complied With In Whole of Part - 0 Total Number of Requests Denied - 0 Requests to Know Total Number of Requests Received - 5 Total Number of Requests Complied With In Whole of Part - 5 Total Number of Requests Denied - 0 Requests to Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing Total Number of Requests Received - 6 Total Number of Requests Complied With In Whole of Part - 6 Total Number of Requests Denied - 0 Requests to Limit Total Number of Requests Received - 0 Total Number of Requests Complied With In Whole of Part - 0 Total Number of Requests Denied - 0 ‍ The mean number of days within which the business responded to requests to delete, requests to correct, requests to know, requests to opt-out of sale/sharing, and requests to limit. - Average of 9 days. ‍ What Personal Data we collect. All the Personal Data we collect from you is outlined in the table below. ‍ “Personal Data” refers to information about you that may be considered “personal data” or “personal information” under GDPR, CPRA or other applicable privacy or data protection laws. ‍ As further detailed below, the personal information we collect may include: (A) identifiers, such as your real name, email address, account name or other similar identifiers that you provide as part of your Account Information; (B) Commercial information, such as the Nativo products or services you have purchased or considered; and (C) Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information regarding your interaction with Nativo’s products, websites and advertisements. ‍ If you use Nativo’s Nativo IQ product, Nativo uses YouTube API Services to provide such services to you. The Google Privacy Policy can be found at: http://google.com/policies/privacy . In addition to Nativo’s standard procedures for deleting stored data, users can revoke the Nativo IQ product’s access to data obtained via the YouTube API Services by visiting the Google security settings page at https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions . ‍ Category of Personal Data collected What this means How we collect it Account Information First name, last name, email address, telephone number, profile picture, passwords and security protocols of users who maintain an account for any of Nativo’s digital advertising services, content advertising infrastructure and tools. Through your active submission (either directly through the platform or indirectly through Nativo or your organization’s administrator) when you create an account with Nativo. Log Records Log records contain your logged-in status, key value records and reference data regarding your interaction with the Nativo platform, infrastructure and tools, all tied to a Cookie ID. Through the use of cookies, pixels, beacons and similar technology when you interact with Nativo’s platform, websites and tools. ‍ How we use your Personal Data and why. Purpose Category(ies) of Personal Data involved Why do we do this Our legal basis for this use of data To provide you with access to the Nativo platform and tools Account Information Using this data helps us to provide you with a consistent experience. Our legitimate interests, as well as those of your organization. 
We need to provide you with access to administer our platforms and services and fulfil our contractual obligations to your organization as a service provider. To provide reporting to your organization Account Information; Log Records We use your Account Information and Log Records to prepare reports to report on your use of our services. Our legitimate interests, as well as those of your organization.
We need to be able collect information regarding your usage of our services to report back to your organization. To learn about and improve the Nativo products and services. Account Information; Log Records We conduct analytics on user interaction with our services to facilitate improvement of our products and services. Our legitimate interests, as well as those of your organization.
To provide you and your organization with the best experience from our services, we need to learn from how you interact with our services to enable us to make improvements. Troubleshooting Log Records We use Log Records to track issues that might be occurring on our systems. Our legitimate interests, as well as those of your organization.
We need to monitor and ensure the proper operation of our systems and services to administer our services and fulfill our contractual obligations to your organization. To Contact you Account Information We use your Account Information to contact you regarding your account or our services, including to market our services to your organization. Our legitimate interests, as well as those of your organization. 
We need to contact your organization to administer our platform and services, to fulfill our contractual obligations, and to keep your organization informed about additional product and service offerings. To Measure and Target Advertisements Account Information; Log Records Our third-party providers use information about your interaction with the Website to display ads for Nativo when you visit other properties on the Internet. Our legitimate interests, as well as those of your organization.
Use of information about user interaction with the Website allows us to target advertising to users who have previously demonstrated interest in our services. ‍ Who we share your Personal Data with. The table below describes who we share your Personal Data with, what we share and why we share it. We endeavor to ensure that people to whom we provide Personal Data hold it subject to appropriate safeguards and controls. In addition, where relevant, when we share Personal Data with third parties who are not directly subject to the GDPR, we make sure: - that party is either: based in a country that has laws and institutions in place; or part of a sector or participates in a framework, that the European Union considers ensures that your Personal Data will be adequately protected; or - adequate safeguards are in place to ensure your Personal Data will be protected in line with the requirements of the GDPR. ‍ Recipients Category(ies) of Personal Data we share. Why we share this Personal Data Hosting Provider Account Information; Log Records Our services are hosted on our proprietary Nativo Platform. In order to host this service, we have to pass all the data we hold (including your Personal Data) to our hosting provider. Reporting and Analytics Providers Account Information; Log Records We pass certain Account Information and Log Records (excluding your passwords and other security protocols) to our reporting and analytics providers to enable us to learn and improve the Nativo products and services Affiliates Account Information; Log Records As a group of companies, we rely on affiliates to provide certain services to us.  
All affiliates are required to adhere to the descriptions and specifications set out in this Interest Based Ads Privacy Policy. An acquirer or insolvency practitioner Account Information; Log Records. We may share Personal Data when we do a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding. All counterparties will be required to keep such information strictly confidential. Law enforcement agencies and regulatory authorities Account Information; Log Records. We may share Personal Data as we believe necessary or appropriate: •	to comply with applicable laws; and/or •	to comply with lawful requests and legal process, including to respond to requests from public and government authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. ‍ How we keep your Personal Data secure. We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your Personal Data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. We limit access to your Personal Data to those employees and other staff who have a business need to have such access. All such people are subject to a contractual duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any actual or suspected Personal Data breach. In the event of any such breach, we have systems in place to work with applicable regulators. In addition, in certain circumstances (e.g., where we are legally required to do so) we may notify you of this breach. ‍ How long we store your Personal Data. We will only retain your Personal Data for so long as we reasonably require it to use it for the purposes set out above, unless a longer retention period is required by law (for example for regulatory purposes). The table below shows our standard retention practices: Category of Personal Data Retention period Account Information We keep Account Information for  a maximum of one (1) year from the date on which the organization account holder closes the applicable account or terminates its relationship with us. Log Records We keep Log Records for a maximum of two (2) years from the data on which they are collected, after which they will be deleted permanently.
The duration of this retention period is required to ensure that we are able to retain this information for as long as is needed to comply with our obligations to your organization (particularly audit requests) and for internal reporting purposes. ‍ Our policy on children. Our websites, products and services are not intended for use by children under the age of 16. ‍ Nativo, Inc. advertisers Publishers Technology Learn Our Story Contact Careers Developers Login Copyright 2023 Nativo, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Policies & Guidelines AdChoices Opt-Out Interest Based Ads Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Security