Privacy Policy - MCH Data Skip Navigation Prod V.4.0.0 Navigation cart Close Data Data Overview Education K-12 Education Child care Healthcare Healthcare Ownership Hospitals Outpatient Centers Residential Care Other Healthcare Government Government Office Fire and Ambulance Jails, Correctional Institutions, Sheriff Departments Police and Highway Patrol Services Services Overview Email Deployment Services Analytics / IT Services Integration MCH API Suite About About Overview Leadership History Blog In The News Careers Contact Blog In the News Resources COVID-19 Updates Cart ( ) Build List Login Open Menu Close Industries Education Healthcare Government Home Data About Contact Blog In The News Resources COVID-19 Updates List Documentation Build List Login × Privacy Policy P r i v a c y P o l i c y Build List Contact Us Request Sample File Updated February 20 th , 2023 Introduction MCH is a leading source of “business” information in the business verticals of education, healthcare, and government (what we frequently call the “Business to Institution” market).  MCH was founded in 1927 and for almost 100 years now has helped specific product companies reach the decision makers in these vertical institutional markets.  MCH, Inc operates as a DBA of MCH Strategic Data. MCH respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our website only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies to information collected at www.mchdata.com and to information we gather externally for licensing. Each of these situations is clearly noted. Part I. Transactional Information Collection (from our Website and calls into MCH) MCH collects information through our website at several points. We collect the following information about primary visitors: name, postal address, email address, phone number, the company of employment, job function, and business interests. We may also collect the names, contact information, and business interests which our users divulge about other people, such as referrals. MCH does not actively market to children, and we never knowingly ask a child under 18 to divulge personal information. We collect this information through collection methods, such as registration forms, clickstream tracking, and automatic logging files. To receive our products and services, name, company, address, phone number, and business interest information are mandatory to complete legal licensing agreements and ensure compliance with local, state, and federal laws. Other information we request is optional or necessary to complete a requested transaction of business with us. We do employ cookies. A cookie is a small text file that our web server places on a user’s computer hard drive to be a unique identifier. Cookies enable MCH to track usage patterns and deliver customized content to users. Our cookies do not have an expiration date. Our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information and are only used for internal marketing purposes (we do not sell or license this data). The information collected by MCH, INC. will be used to conduct business with and  enable future promotion to our site visitors. Users who provide information will receive product announcements and targeted updates of industry information by channels including postal mail and email. Registered users will receive additional announcements from us about products, services, special deals, and industry trends. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. The information we collect will be used to create customer profiles based on browsing or purchasing history. We may supplement information collected at our website with data from other sources such as credit history to authorize purchases. We may share data with the following third parties: shipping companies used to deliver products or services, credit card companies used in purchase transactions, third party data or service providers who perform services under a contract, license, or industry practice for or with MCH.  MCH does not sell. trade, give away or license any of our customer or prospect data to any other companies.  The data provided to us by interested prospective customers (or customers) is strictly used to complete necessary (requested) transactions and for MCH internal marketing use. We offer links to other websites. Please note: When you click on links to other websites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Their standards may differ from ours. Our website may offer chats, forums or message boards. Please be advised that information posted in these venues becomes public knowledge. If our policy on information collection or uses changes will advise you by updating the information presented on the privacy policy page of our website. Part II - Information Collection for data that MCH licenses to others. MCH collects information that is licenses to businesses for marketing, sales and analytic purposes. The data that MCH gathers is Business to Business data in the markets of education, Healthcare and Government.  MCH gathers its information though public sources such as federal, state and local licensing information, telephone surveys, requested published institutional (company) directories, public listings on website and other public methods that may be publicly available. MCH’s licensed data consists of: 1) Business / institutional names and addresses and numerous “institutional” attributes that may describe that location – such as type of business, size of business, features or services offered by the business, etc. 2) Personnel that work in the businesses / institutions and their function there.  In this capacity MCH does gathers the names, job titles, job functions, email addresses (where available), any noted higher degree achievement (PHD, MD), and any publicly available professional licensing numbers. MCH DOES NOT compile any “sensitive” PII (Personally Identifiable Information) such as SSN, credit history information, personal purchasing behaviors, health information, age, etc.  All the information we collect is specific to B2B job functions and gathered using publicly available sources. MCH DOES NOT gather information nor do any marketing activities to children, and we never knowingly ask a child under 18 to divulge personal information. CCPA – California Consumer Protection Act Starting January 1, 2020, under the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA) residents of the state of California have the following rights: You have the “Right to Know” or the “Right to Access Information About Collection, Disclosure and Sale of your Personal Information” over the past 12 months. Refer to the additional details below. Fill out the form and in the notes ask for information collected specific to you: https://www.mchdata.com/about/ccpaemail . The information you provide will only be used to fulfill your CCPA request. The “Right to Know” or the “Right to Information About Collection, Disclosure and Sale of your Personal Information” gives you the right to request the following information: Categories of personal information MCH has collected about you (also see above); Categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; Categories of your personal information that MCH sold or disclosed for a business purpose; Categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information; and The specific pieces of personal information that MCH has about you Additionally, you have the Right to Deletion of information subject to certain exceptions. Refer to the additional details on these exceptions below. Fill out the form below from Do Not Sell My Information. https://www.mchdata.com/about/ccpaemail The information you provide will only be used to fulfill your CCPA request. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to: Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.) Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. Comply with a legal obligation. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. GDPR – General Data Protection Regulation MCH does not gather any information on European or British citizens unless they are customers transacting business with MCH.  MCH does comply with all GDPR regulations when transacting business with any EU or British companies, but as it pertains to information that MCH license to others EU and British citizens are not part of our collection coverage. Part III. Access to Information Users may access their own personal information and contact us about inaccuracies they may find. To request their personal information users may call MCH at 1-800-776-6373. Users may delete their information from our database. To request to have their personal information deleted, users may call MCH at 1-800-776-6373. Part IV. Problem Resolution If problems arise, users may contact MCH, INC. by calling call MCH at 1-800-776-6373. We are committed to resolving disputes within 30 days. Close Login Login Form Email Password Login Forgot Password? Create Account Close Create Account Create Account Form Email Address Email address already exists, please either login or try a different email address. Email address has been disabled by MCH. Please contact us in order to resolve this issue. Password Confirm Password Captcha is required. Signup  Need help? Login What People Are Saying Previous "I have to say the MCH list platform is the easiest online list count/order system I have used. "We buy from MCH Strategic Data on a regular basis having been impressed from the start with how helpful the team is with our initial data requests to processing the orders quickly." "MCH was invaluable in helping me determine the list that would best fit my company, in addition to staying within my budget." "Since switching to MCH, we’ve seen a drastic increase of metrics across the board –open rates, click through rates and our leads gathered through capture forms are much higher." "MCH has proven to be a true partner. Their team provided us with a variety of tools to allow us to easily access quality education data. We appreciate their excellent customer service and technical support." "I have to say the MCH list platform is the easiest online list count/order system I have used. "We buy from MCH Strategic Data on a regular basis having been impressed from the start with how helpful the team is with our initial data requests to processing the orders quickly." "MCH was invaluable in helping me determine the list that would best fit my company, in addition to staying within my budget." "Since switching to MCH, we’ve seen a drastic increase of metrics across the board –open rates, click through rates and our leads gathered through capture forms are much higher." "MCH has proven to be a true partner. Their team provided us with a variety of tools to allow us to easily access quality education data. We appreciate their excellent customer service and technical support." "I have to say the MCH list platform is the easiest online list count/order system I have used. Next Our Partners Previous Next Next Data Education Healthcare Government Services Email Deployment Services Analytics / IT Services Integrations About Leadership History Blog In the News Careers Contact Headquarters 601 E. Marshall St. Sweet Springs, MO 65351 Phone 800-776-6373 Email info@mchdata.com Technology Center 7415 W. 130th St. Ste. 200 Overland Park, KS 66213 Phone 800-776-6373 Email info@mchdata.com Start making your list now Build List Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Do Not Sell My Personal Information Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Broker Terms & Conditions List Documentation Our website uses cookies to improve user experience. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.  View our Privacy Policy for more information. Accept Effective April 20, 2021 we resumed updating the data on this page. This page will remain active and available for use until December 2022. Close Return to Top Close COVID-19 IMPACT: SCHOOL STATUS UPDATES School Update Signup Form First Name Last Name Email Company Submit Need More Time? Due to inactivity, you will be logged out within 5 minutes. To stay logged in, please select Stay Logged In . Stay Logged In Logout <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PDTMHSW" style="display:none;visibility:hidden;width:0;height:0;" title="Google Tag Manager"></iframe>