Your California Privacy Rights - OnCore Leads Use Website In a Screen-Reader Mode Skip to Content ↵ ENTER Skip to Menu ↵ ENTER Skip to Footer ↵ ENTER X Hi, welcome to OnCore Leads. How may I assist you? CHAT NOW live chat start now X LIVE CHAT Hi, How may I assist you? Yes, Chat Now ! Skip to content OnCore Leads Home About Leads Tax Debt Leads Credit Card Debt Leads Addiction Rehab Treatment Leads Auto Accident Leads Personal Injury Leads Social Security Disability Leads Home Services Leads Workers Compensation Leads Bankruptcy Leads Mass Tort Qualified Cases Student Loan debt Leads Reviews Blog Contact X 855.662.6735 Edit Get In Touch Home About Leads Tax Debt Leads Credit Card Debt Leads Addiction Rehab Treatment Leads Auto Accident Leads Personal Injury Leads Social Security Disability Leads Home Services Leads Workers Compensation Leads Bankruptcy Leads Mass Tort Qualified Cases Student Loan debt Leads Reviews Blog Contact Facebook Instagram Twitter Linkedin Youtube © 2021 Copyright CO2 Ventures, LLC dba OnCore Leads. Your California Privacy Rights POLICY Important Privacy Notice For California Consumers LAST REVISED: Janruary 14, 2020 This Privacy Notice for California Consumers (“Notice”), provided by CO2 Ventures, LLC (“OnCore ,” “Company,” “we,” or “our”), supplements, and is expressly made part of, the information contained in OnCore ’s Online Privacy Policy and applies solely to those who are consumers (“you” or “your”) as defined in Section 1798.140(g) of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). We adopt this Notice in compliance with the CCPA and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice. OnCore collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“personal information”). As a consumer, you have certain rights regarding your personal information as defined in the CCPA. This Notice provides you with information on how OnCore  collects, uses, and shares personal information. It also outlines the rights you have regarding personal information that we collect from you and describes how you can exercise those rights. Collection and Use of Personal Information OnCore recognizes the eleven (11) broad categories of personal information referenced in the CCPA that a business may collect about a consumer. In particular, OnCore has collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months. Category Examples Collected A. Identifiers. A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. YES B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. YES C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). YES D. Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. YES E. Biometric information. Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. NO F. Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. YES G. Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. NO H. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. NO I. Professional or employment-related information. Current or past job history or performance evaluations. NO J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. NO K. Inferences drawn from other personal information. Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. NO Personal information does not include: Publicly available information from government records. De-identified or aggregated consumer information. Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like: health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994. Any data that falls under one of the bullet points above will not be considered “personal information” under the CCPA. We  have obtained the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase. Indirectly from you. For example, from information we obtain in the course of providing services, or from observing your actions on our website. From third-party business partners such as lead generators, data providers, social media sites, ad networks, and analytics providers. OnCore  may use this information to: Provide you with the information, products, or services you request from us. Fulfill the reason you provided the information, such as connecting you with a company that will provide services that you are interested in. Personalize your website experience and deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent where required by law). Advertise and market products and services to you from both affiliated and non-affiliated entities, which includes sending promotional communications, target advertising, and presenting you relevant offers. Help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business. Process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments Provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses. For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our website, products, and services. Prevent transactional fraud. Respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA. OnCore  will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing notice to you. Such notice may be delivered, for example, by posting an updated California Privacy Notice. Sharing Personal Information OnCore may disclose your personal information to a third party for business purposes. When we do so, OnCore enters into a contractual arrangement  that describes the business purpose and requires the recipient to both: (A) keep that personal information confidential; and (B) not use it for any purpose except performing the obligations under the contract. Please note that once we share your personal information with another company, the information received by the other company is controlled by that company and becomes subject to the other company’s privacy practices. We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties for a business purpose: Affiliates. Service providers. Data aggregators. Social media companies Internet cookie data recipients (e.g., Google analytics) The CCPA requires OnCore to provide you with a statement on its personal information disclosures for a business purpose that reference the eleven (11) categories of information reflected in the chart above. In the preceding twelve (12) months, OnCore has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: Category A: Identifiers. Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories. Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Selling Personal Information In the preceding 12 months, we have sold the below categories of information: Category A: Identifiers. Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories. Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Category D: Commercial Information Category F: Internet or other similar activity We sell these categories of personal information for commercial purposes to the following categories of third parties : Financial Institutions Fraud detection providers Business customers, including but not limited to advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, social networks, and consumer data resellers. Please note that once we sell your personal information with another company, the information received by the other company is controlled by that company and becomes subject to the other company’s privacy practices. Notice Regarding Your Rights Access & Data Portability Rights You have the right to request that OnCore disclose what personal information we collect, use, and disclose. If we receive and confirm your consumer request as verifiable and no exception applies, we will provide you with: The categories of personal information we collected about you. The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information. The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you. If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two lists disclosing: Sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and Disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained. Deletion Request Rights Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained. If we receive and confirm your consumer request as verifiable, unless an exception applies we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records. The CCPA provides a number a reasons why a deletion request may be denied. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.). Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. Comply with a legal obligation. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. Opt-Out Right You have the right to request that OnCore no longer sell your personal information. To exercise that right, please click here: Do Not Sell My Personal Information or Calling us toll-free during business hours at: 1-8 55-662-6735-. Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to OnCore by: Calling us toll-free during business hours at 855-662-6735 . Filling out the California Consumer request form available at https://oncoreleads.com/ccparequest/ or by clicking here . Eligibility and Verification of Requests Only you or someone registered with the California Secretary of State and legally authorized to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must: Provide sufficient information that allows OnCore to verify, to a reasonable degree of certainty, that you are the person about whom OnCore collected personal information (or your authorized representative), which may include multi-factor authentication of identifying information provided by you. Such authentication may be conducted and verified independently or in combination with a comparison of personal information already maintained by OnCore , if any; and Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows OnCore to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us, but we must also be able to confirm the personal information relates to you. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. Response Timing and Format OnCore  endeavors to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of receiving it. If OnCore  requires additional time to process your request, up to a maximum total of ninety (90) days from the date the request is received, we will notify you of this and inform you of the reason for requiring the additional time. If you have an online account with us, we will deliver our written response to your online account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request or have denied a request, if applicable. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. Non-Discrimination OnCore will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights as described above. Unless permitted by the CCPA, OnCore will not: Deny you goods or services. Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. Do Not Track Disclosures How do we respond to Web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services? We currently do not respond to DNT signals in browsers because we do not track individual users across the web. May other parties collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across different websites when they visit www.nationaldebtrelief.com? No. Changes to Our Privacy Notice We reserve the right to amend this Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this Notice, we will post the updated Notice on our website and update the Notice’s effective date. Your continued use of our website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. Contact Information OnCore  is committed to responding promptly to any questions or concerns you may have about this Notice. If you have questions concerning the methods by which OnCore  collects or uses your personal information as explained in this Notice and our Online Privacy Policy , the rights granted to you under the CCPA, or how to exercise your rights, or if you are a consumer with a disability and you wish to receive a copy of this Notice, you can contact us by calling, writing, or emailing us : 9580 Oak Avenue Parkway, Suite 7 Folsom, CA 95630 leads@oncoreleads.com 855-662-6735 Please print and retain a copy of this California Privacy Notice for your records. Ready For A Free Lead Generation Consultation? Our clients regularly applaud our ability to deliver exclusive leads that create revenue. Clients come to us for leads that close! Let’s get in touch to sky rocket your business. GET IN TOUCH CALL 855.662.6735 EXPERIENCE WE ARE THE BEST Why Choose OnCore Leads? 01. 100% EXCLUSIVE 02. REAL TIME DELIVERY 03. AGENT LIVE TRANSFERS 04. NO MONTHLY CONTRACTS 05. NO SETUP FEES 06. SIMPLY PURCHASE YOUR LEADS 07. DON’T PAY FOR BAD LEADS 08. CLIENT LOGIN PORTAL 09. STAFF TV AND RADIO MEDIA BUYERS Let us generate leads for your business. 855.662.6735 support@oncoreleads.com Leads Reviews Affiliates Blog CALIFORNIA – 9580 Oak Avenue Parkway, Suite 7 Folsom, CA 95630 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell My Personal Information Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube © 2022 Copyright CO2 Ventures, LLC dba OnCore Leads. Website Design By Oley.IO . English Accessibility Adjustments Reset Settings Statement Hide Interface Choose the right accessibility profile for you OFF ON Seizure Safe Profile Clear flashes & reduces color This profile enables epileptic and seizure prone users to browse safely by eliminating the risk of seizures that result from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations. OFF ON Vision Impaired Profile Enhances website's visuals This profile adjusts the website, so that it is accessible to the majority of visual impairments such as Degrading Eyesight, Tunnel Vision, Cataract, Glaucoma, and others. OFF ON ADHD Friendly Profile More focus & fewer distractions This profile significantly reduces distractions, to help people with ADHD and Neurodevelopmental disorders browse, read, and focus on the essential elements of the website more easily. OFF ON Cognitive Disability Profile Assists with reading & focusing This profile provides various assistive features to help users with cognitive disabilities such as Autism, Dyslexia, CVA, and others, to focus on the essential elements of the website more easily. OFF ON Keyboard Navigation (Motor) Use website with the keyboard This profile enables motor-impaired persons to operate the website using the keyboard Tab, Shift+Tab, and the Enter keys. Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements. Note: This profile prompts automatically for keyboard users. OFF ON Blind Users (Screen Reader) Optimize website for screen-readers This profile adjusts the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack. A screen-reader is software that is installed on the blind user’s computer and smartphone, and websites should ensure compatibility with it. Note: This profile prompts automatically to screen-readers. Content Adjustments Content Scaling Default Readable Font Highlight Titles Highlight Links Text Magnifier Adjust Font Sizing Default Align Center Adjust Line Height Default Align Left Adjust Letter Spacing Default Align Right Color Adjustments Dark Contrast Light Contrast High Contrast High Saturation Adjust Text Colors Cancel Monochrome Adjust Title Colors Cancel Low Saturation Adjust Background Colors Cancel Orientation Adjustments Mute Sounds Hide Images Read Mode Reading Guide Useful Links Select an option Home Header Footer Main Content Stop Animations Reading Mask Highlight Hover Highlight Focus Big Black Cursor Big White Cursor HIDDEN_ADJUSTMENTS Keyboard Navigation Accessible Mode Screen Reader Adjustments Read Mode Web Accessibility By Learn More Choose the Interface Language English Español Deutsch Português Français Italiano עברית 繁體中文 Pусский عربى عربى Nederlands 繁體中文 日本語 Polski Türk Accessibility Statement Compliance status We firmly believe that the internet should be available and accessible to anyone and are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the broadest possible audience, regardless of ability. To fulfill this, we aim to adhere as strictly as possible to the World Wide Web Consortium’s (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 (WCAG 2.1) at the AA level. These guidelines explain how to make web content accessible to people with a wide array of disabilities. Complying with those guidelines helps us ensure that the website is accessible to blind people, people with motor impairments, visual impairment, cognitive disabilities, and more. This website utilizes various technologies that are meant to make it as accessible as possible at all times. We utilize an accessibility interface that allows persons with specific disabilities to adjust the website’s UI (user interface) and design it to their personal needs. Additionally, the website utilizes an AI-based application that runs in the background and optimizes its accessibility level constantly. This application remediates the website’s HTML, adapts its functionality and behavior for screen-readers used by blind users, and for keyboard functions used by individuals with motor impairments. If you wish to contact the website’s owner please use the website's form Screen-reader and keyboard navigation Our website implements the ARIA attributes (Accessible Rich Internet Applications) technique, alongside various behavioral changes, to ensure blind users visiting with screen-readers can read, comprehend, and enjoy the website’s functions. As soon as a user with a screen-reader enters your site, they immediately receive a prompt to enter the Screen-Reader Profile so they can browse and operate your site effectively. Here’s how our website covers some of the most important screen-reader requirements: Screen-reader optimization: we run a process that learns the website’s components from top to bottom, to ensure ongoing compliance even when updating the website. In this process, we provide screen-readers with meaningful data using the ARIA set of attributes. For example, we provide accurate form labels; descriptions for actionable icons (social media icons, search icons, cart icons, etc.); validation guidance for form inputs; element roles such as buttons, menus, modal dialogues (popups), and others. Additionally, the background process scans all of the website’s images. It provides an accurate and meaningful image-object-recognition-based description as an ALT (alternate text) tag for images that are not described. It will also extract texts embedded within the image using an OCR (optical character recognition) technology. To turn on screen-reader adjustments at any time, users need only to press the Alt+1 keyboard combination. Screen-reader users also get automatic announcements to turn the Screen-reader mode on as soon as they enter the website. These adjustments are compatible with popular screen readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack. Keyboard navigation optimization: The background process also adjusts the website’s HTML and adds various behaviors using JavaScript code to make the website operable by the keyboard. This includes the ability to navigate the website using the Tab and Shift+Tab keys, operate dropdowns with the arrow keys, close them with Esc, trigger buttons and links using the Enter key, navigate between radio and checkbox elements using the arrow keys, and fill them in with the Spacebar or Enter key. Additionally, keyboard users will find content-skip menus available at any time by clicking Alt+2, or as the first element of the site while navigating with the keyboard. The background process also handles triggered popups by moving the keyboard focus towards them as soon as they appear, not allowing the focus to drift outside. Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements. Disability profiles supported on our website Epilepsy Safe Profile: this profile enables people with epilepsy to safely use the website by eliminating the risk of seizures resulting from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations. Vision Impaired Profile: this profile adjusts the website so that it is accessible to the majority of visual impairments such as Degrading Eyesight, Tunnel Vision, Cataract, Glaucoma, and others. Cognitive Disability Profile: this profile provides various assistive features to help users with cognitive disabilities such as Autism, Dyslexia, CVA, and others, to focus on the essential elements more easily. ADHD Friendly Profile : this profile significantly reduces distractions and noise to help people with ADHD, and Neurodevelopmental disorders browse, read, and focus on the essential elements more easily. Blind Users Profile (Screen-readers): this profile adjusts the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack. A screen-reader is installed on the blind user’s computer, and this site is compatible with it. Keyboard Navigation Profile (Motor-Impaired): this profile enables motor-impaired persons to operate the website using the keyboard Tab, Shift+Tab, and the Enter keys. Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements. Additional UI, design, and readability adjustments Font adjustments – users can increase and decrease its size, change its family (type), adjust the spacing, alignment, line height, and more. Color adjustments – users can select various color contrast profiles such as light, dark, inverted, and monochrome. Additionally, users can swap color schemes of titles, texts, and backgrounds with over seven different coloring options. Animations – epileptic users can stop all running animations with the click of a button. Animations controlled by the interface include videos, GIFs, and CSS flashing transitions. Content highlighting – users can choose to emphasize essential elements such as links and titles. They can also choose to highlight focused or hovered elements only. Audio muting – users with hearing devices may experience headaches or other issues due to automatic audio playing. This option lets users mute the entire website instantly. Cognitive disorders – we utilize a search engine linked to Wikipedia and Wiktionary, allowing people with cognitive disorders to decipher meanings of phrases, initials, slang, and others. Additional functions – we allow users to change cursor color and size, use a printing mode, enable a virtual keyboard, and many other functions. Assistive technology and browser compatibility We aim to support as many browsers and assistive technologies as possible, so our users can choose the best fitting tools for them, with as few limitations as possible. Therefore, we have worked very hard to be able to support all major systems that comprise over 95% of the user market share, including Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, Opera and Microsoft Edge, JAWS, and NVDA (screen readers), both for Windows and MAC users. Notes, comments, and feedback Despite our very best efforts to allow anybody to adjust the website to their needs, there may still be pages or sections that are not fully accessible, are in the process of becoming accessible, or are lacking an adequate technological solution to make them accessible. Still, we are continually improving our accessibility, adding, updating, improving its options and features, and developing and adopting new technologies. All this is meant to reach the optimal level of accessibility following technological advancements. If you wish to contact the website’s owner, please use the website's form Hide Accessibility Interface? Please note: If you choose to hide the accessibility interface, you won't be able to see it anymore, unless you clear your browsing history and data. Are you sure that you wish to hide the interface? Accept Cancel Continue Processing the data, please give it a few seconds... Press Alt+1 for screen-reader mode