LeadIQ - Privacy Policy <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MM5LGCV"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Privacy Center Support  Login Platform  CAPABILITIES Identify Find, capture, and sync contact data to your CRM and sales tools in one click. Track Know when to reach out to a prospect or account based on key signals. Compose Generate complete, personalized messages for any prospect in seconds. Refresh Keep Salesforce data accurate over time with automatic enrichment. Compare LeadIQ with other tools arrow_forward WHY LEADIQ? Video Prospect smarter and build pipeline faster. Discover the trifecta that makes it possible. Success Stories Resources  RESOURCES Blog Improve your outbound prospecting with tips, best practices, and the latest features from LeadIQ. Ebooks and Webinars Browse through our curated list of eBooks and webinar recordings. Careers Join us on our mission to make personalized prospecting possible at scale. Press Stay up-to-date on the latest news and announcements about LeadIQ. FEATURED How to Get the Most Out of LinkedIn Sales Navigator Sales leaders that provide their teams with the paid version of LinkedIn Sales Navigator open... Pricing Privacy Center Support  Login Book a demo Book a demo new capabilities Platform  CAPABILITIES Identify Find, capture, and sync contact data to your CRM and sales tools in one click. Track Know when to reach out to a prospect or account based on key signals. Scribe Generate complete, personalized messages for any prospect in seconds. Refresh Keep Salesforce data accurate over time with automatic enrichment. Compare LeadIQ with other tools arrow_forward WHY LEADIQ? Video Prospect smarter and build pipeline faster. Discover the trifecta that makes it possible. Success Stories Resources  RESOURCES Blog Improve your outbound prospecting with tips, best practices, and the latest features from LeadIQ. Ebooks and Webinars Browse through our curated list of eBooks and webinar recordings. Our Data Learn what it means to build a “smarter” B2B contact database. Careers Join us on our mission to make personalized prospecting possible at scale. FEATURED Chat GPT vs. Scribe: A conversation on generative AI for sales Is your sales team using AI that can help them become better sellers and integrate seamlessly into their workflow? Pricing Privacy Center Support  Login Book a demo Book a demo Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Data Processing Agreement Sub-Processors Privacy Policy Last Updated: November 25th 2022 ‍ 1. INTRODUCTION LeadIQ, Inc. (“us”, “we”, “our”, or “LeadIQ”) empowers teams to efficiently capture, verify, and build business and contact information for B2B sales prospecting. This Privacy Policy describes how LeadIQ collects, uses and discloses information through our website, www.leadiq.com , (the “Site”), our online services, software (including application programming interfaces (“APIs”), browser extensions, and integrations with third-party software) and the services we offer (collectively referred to as the “Services”). This Privacy Policy includes information on how we process, maintain, use, and share personal information, including information pertaining to business individuals (“Business Info”) and all other types of personal information through our Services; and how you could manage the manner information about you. This Privacy Policy includes specific information regarding the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). For US residents, please see our California & Virginia Privacy Notice for more information about your rights under the California and Virginia privacy laws. If you do not agree to any of these terms in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Services or access our website. ‍ 2. INFORMATION COLLECTION 2.1 Business Contact Data LeadIQ collects and processes business contact data and maintains a database of professional profiles which is made available to our customers for the purpose of business-to-business sales prospecting or recruitment only. The personal information we store for each profile on our database are: full name, job title, email addresses, phone numbers, city, company information, job title and department, company name, postal address of company and business-related address of the person, employment history, education background, and any related social profiles and profiles of businesses. We do not process any sensitive personal information such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, medical or biometric data, etc. We do not process any information about minors. LeadIQ may combine multiple data points regarding an individual person or company into a professional profile or business profile. The profiles are compiled into a (“Directory Database”) which is made available to the users of the Site and Services and our customers and partners. LeadIQ obtains the information and data for its Directory Database in several ways, including: (i) licensed information from other companies, (ii) our technology scans of publicly-available information, (iii) market research, and (iv) our community program which includes our users and customers contributing information about themselves and others and companies. To maintain the quality of the Business Info and Directory Database, LeadIQ takes steps to only collect business information (one way this is done is it disregards emails sent from consumer-oriented (free email providers); LeadIQ provides the ability to exercise their privacy rights for anyone added to the Database Directory at any time, and LeadIQ will fulfill such request promptly, in accordance with applicable laws Before new business contacts are added to the database, if applicable by law, each contact receives a notification on how to manage or remove their profiles from the database.For more information about this database please visit our FAQ . If your profile is on our database and you wish to be deleted, please contact us through our Privacy Center or at privacy@leadiq.com . By remaining in our database, you may be contacted by our customers when they conduct their business-to-business activities. ‍ 2.2 Data Collected from Users ‍ 2.2.1 Site Visitor ‍ If you express an interest in our Services and wish to be contacted by us, you will be asked to submit the following information on our Site: full name, work email address, phone number, company name, job title. You may unsubscribe from our contact list at any time by notifying us at support@leadiq.com . 2.2.2 LeadIQ Account ‍ When you register to set up an account and use our Services, you will be asked to submit the following personal information: full name, work email address, phone number, company name, job title. To purchase and access our Services, you may be asked to submit payment information, which is collected and processed by our trusted third party payment processor. LeadIQ does not retain payment information. We also collect information from customers about their use of the Service, such as user session time and activity. This information is used internally for research and to improve our services. ‍ 2.2.3 LeadIQ Integration ‍ Our customers may choose to integrate information, including personal data, from their accounts with third party products or services for use with the Services (“Integrated Data”). The Integrated Data that we may process from our customers include information about our customers’ prospects and customers in their CRM or email or calendar or other software, such as the full name, business contact information (email, phone number, company address), company name, job title, professional network profiles, and similar information often stored in customer relationship management databases so that LeadIQ may match or enrich or cleanse this data against LeadIQ database. ‍We do not sell information that’s shared through LeadIQ Integration by our paying customers. ‍ ‍2.2.4 LeadIQ Community Program ‍ LeadIQ offers a service called LeadIQ Community Program(“Community”). To subscribe to the Community, a user will need to provide LeadIQ with access to the user’s email account, calendar, or contact books and represent that the user has the rights and permissions to do it. Granting LeadIQ access to one’s email account, calendar, and contact books provides LeadIQ access to certain Business Info, specifically including contact names, email addresses, phone numbers, job titles stored by the application that the user uses to manage its email and contacts. LeadIQ uses this Business Info to keep its Database Directory accurate and up-to-date. The user receives additional credits or access to additional features in exchange for providing the aforementioned access to LeadIQ. LeadIQ may collect the following information from the user’s email and contact applications: name, email address, job title and department, phone number, company name, address of company, business related address of individual, corporate URLs, social URLs, email addresses, names, and job titles and other information in signature block of recipients and senders of emails. To maintain the quality of the Business Info and Directory Database, LeadIQ takes steps to only collect business information (one way this is done is it disregards emails sent from consumer-oriented (free email providers); LeadIQ provides the ability to exercise their privacy rights for anyone added to the Database Directory at any time, and LeadIQ will fulfill such request promptly, in accordance with applicable laws; LeadIQ will not read content of email correspondence and will not process any information beyond business contact information in email signature in emails that are shared by community members. LeadIQ will not disclose the contributor of information, unless otherwise described herein. Users can opt-out of the Community at any time and they will stop having free access to the Community and LeadIQ will stop collecting new data from the user’s accounts. Before new business contacts are added to the database, if applicable by law, each contact receives a notification on how to manage or remove their profiles from the database. For more information about this database please visit our FAQ . Contacts added to the database can contact us through our Privacy Center https://privacy.leadiq.com or at privacy@leadiq.com . ‍ 2.2.5 Cookies & Tracking Technologies ‍ LeadIQ uses cookies and other tracking technologies to track your use of our Site and Services. When you visit our Site, we automatically receive and derive certain information that your web browser sends to our server, such as IP address, Internet Service Provider, approximate geographic location, referring/exit URLs, page requests, browser type, operating system. We also use cookies, which are small data files that are sent to your device when you visit the Site or use our Services. Cookies usually include an identification number that is unique to the device you are using. Cookies allow us to better understand our users and how they interact and use our Site and Services, and enables recognition of the user to maintain their settings and preferences. Certain third parties may also set cookies on your device when you visit our Site. These cookies serve a number of purposes, including but not limited to monitoring and analyzing how you use our Site, providing features such as social sharing widgets, for targeted advertising and measuring advertising effectiveness. You may disable these cookies via your browser settings, however, this may cause limitations to your user experience on the Site. Non-identifiable usage information may be combined with other information we collect about you that will allow you to be personally identifiable. We currently do not offer website functionality for you to opt out of any “do not track” listings. ‍ 2.2.6. Third Party Websites ‍ Our Site contains links to third party websites. If you click on these links, the third-party websites may collect information about you. We cannot control and are not responsible for what information third party websites process about you and encourage you to review the third party’s privacy policy and data processing practices. ‍ 3. USE OF YOUR INFORMATION When you use our Service or interact with our Site, we process personal information for the following purposes: ‍ Provide our Services - To set up and maintain secure access to your LeadIQ account and provide you with the services you requested. Improve and Customize our Services - To better understand your needs by analyzing usage data or through your voluntary feedback so we can personalize your experience and improve our Services. This includes improving the quality and accuracy of the data we provide. Communications - To communicate with you regarding software updates, service announcements, respond to support requests and questions, and manage our ongoing relationship with you. If you submit a request to be contacted by us on our Site, we will process your personal information in order to respond to you. Marketing - To contact you about our new product features, promotions, events or other news we believe may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from our marketing list, please use the unsubscribe link or contact us at support@leadiq.com . Legal & Compliance - To comply with our necessary legal and regulatory obligations (e.g. civil or criminal subpoenas, court orders, and other compulsory orders), and also to investigate violations and enforce our terms, agreements or policies. Professional Profiles - To provide an up to date and accurate database of professional profiles and contact information for our customers to use for sales prospecting or recruitment. ‍ 4. INFORMATION SHARING Third Party Service Providers LeadIQ shares some personal information with our vendors and third-party service providers for the business purposes of helping us to provide and support our Services.  These third parties include but are not limited to companies or individuals that provide us with information technology, marketing, accounting and legal services. We enter into legally binding agreements with these third-party service providers to ensure your personal information is protected. Our Customers LeadIQ shares information from our Professional Profiles database with our customers as part of our Services. Once the information is accessed by our customers for their own purposes, they are the controllers of that data. Advertising Partners We may partner with third-party advertising networks and social media platforms that may use technology (e.g. a cookie) to collect information about your use of our Site over time and across other sites and services to serve ads that are tailored to your interests on our Site or other sites. Law Enforcement We may disclose your information to the extent that we are required to do so i) by law, to comply with lawful requests, subpoenas, search warrants or other law enforcement requirements; ii)  in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; iii) if we reasonably believe that you have violated any US laws or the terms of any of our agreements. Business Reorganizations In the event that LeadIQ is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. ‍ 5. ACCESS, UPDATE OR DELETE YOUR INFORMATION If you are a registered user of our Services, you may be able to access and update some of your personal information via your account dashboard. If you have any questions or wish to review, update, or delete any of your information collected by us, please contact us through our Privacy Center https://privacy.leadiq.com or at privacy@leadiq.com.  For requests by email, please include in the subject line: “Privacy Request”. We will use our best efforts to respond to your inquiry as soon as practicable, and may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your requests. For California residents, we have provided further information about exercising your rights under the CCPA in our California Privacy Notice . ‍ ‍ 6. DATA RETENTION LeadIQ will only retain your personal information for as long as required for the relevant purpose. We will keep your personal information: Until we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information. For any legally required duration to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements. Upon your request to delete or update your personal information. ‍ ‍ 7. SECURITY MEASURES We use physical and electronic safeguards to protect your information and follow industry standards. However, as the Services and Site are hosted electronically, we cannot guarantee absolute security and recommend that you also use anti-virus software, routine credit checks, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security threats. For more information about the security of the Services and our Site, please contact us at support@leadiq.com . ‍ ‍ 8. GDPR - INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS OF EEA ‍ Purpose and lawful basis of processing LeadIQ processes personal data for varying purposes as explained at Section 3 above. We process personal data under the following lawful bases: With your consent. You have the right to withdraw such consent at any time and we will cease to process data after consent is withdrawn. Your consent may have been obtained by third parties on LeadIQ’s behalf. As necessary to perform our agreement to provide the Services. As necessary for our legitimate interest to provide the Site and Services for our customers, where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedom related to data privacy. ‍ For more information please see our FAQ . ‍ Your rights in relation to your personal data You have the following rights over the way we process personal data relating to you under GDPR. We aim to comply without undue delay, and within one month at the latest. To make a request in relation to your personal data, please contact us through our Privacy Center https://privacy.leadiq.com or at privacy@leadiq.com . ‍ The right to be informed - LeadIQ wishes to keep you informed as to what we do with your personal information. We strive to be transparent about how we use your data. The right to access - You have the right to access your information at any time. The right to rectification - If the information LeadIQ holds about you is inaccurate or not complete, you have the right to ask us to rectify it. The right to erasure - Sometimes called 'the right to be forgotten'. You have the right to request that LeadIQ erase your personal data. The right to restrict processing - You have the right to ask LeadIQ to restrict how we process your data. This means we are permitted to store the data but not further process it. We will only keep enough data to ensure that we can accommodate any additional requests. The right to data portability - LeadIQ must allow you to port and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different platforms. This right only applies to personal data that you have provided to us as a data controller. The right to object - You have the right to object to LeadIQ processing your data even if our processing is due to legitimate purposes as described in our Privacy Notice. The right to withdraw consent - If you have given us your consent to process your data but change your mind later, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and LeadIQ must stop processing your data. For more information about your rights, please see Your Rights as an Individual . ‍ If you are unhappy with the way we process your personal data, please let us know in the first instance. If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, or if you do not think we are handling your personal data adequately, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority. ‍ ‍ 9. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS LeadIQ and our service providers may collect, process, and store your personal information in the United States and other countries. When transferring data from the EU, the EEA, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, LeadIQ relies upon Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission under Decision 2021/914 of 4 June 2021. ‍ 10. AGE COMPLIANCE We intend to fully comply with US and international laws respecting children’s privacy. Therefore, we do not collect or process any information for any persons under the age of 18. If you are under 18 please do not access the Site or Service. ‍ 11. PRIVACY POLICY AMENDMENTS We amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we amend this Privacy Policy, we will modify the date listed on this Policy and/or we may contact you. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy policy practices. ‍ 12. CONTACT US If you have any further questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of your personal information, please contact us at privacy@leadiq.com . Our address is: 548 Market Street, PMB 20371, San Francisco, CA 94104, USA Book a demo Platform Identify prospect data Track sales triggers Compose personalized messages Enrich Salesforce data Success Stories Resources Pricing Blog Support Careers Data Community Our Data Privacy Center Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Security Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Contact 1-888-653-2347 support@leadiq.com © LeadIQ, Inc. All rights reserved.