Privacy Policy | Scraping Robot Home Pricing API Other The Process About Us Affiliates Blog Contact Login Sign Up Privacy Policy Scraping Robot PRIVACY POLICY Last modified: June 5, 2022 PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING, USING, ACCESSING, OR PURCHASING ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICES THROUGH, ANY PART OF THE SCRAPING ROBOT WEBSITE OR SERVICES I. INTRODUCTION Scraping Robot, LLC (“Scraping Robot,” “us,” or “we”), respects the privacy of users of Scraping Robot’s website www.scrapingrobot.com and/or www.scrapingrobot.io (the “Website”) and its related services (collectively the Website and Services are referred to as the “Services”). This privacy policy (the “Policy”) describes the types of information we may collect through the Services and how we may use or disclose that collected information. This Policy applies to information we collect: On scrapingrobot.com. In email and other electronic messages between you and Scraping Robot. This Policy does not apply to information collected by: us offline or through any other means; or any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from our Services. By accessing the Services, continuing to access the Services, purchasing any products or services through the Services, or submitting any information through the Services, you are agreeing to these Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy. Please read them carefully. If you do not agree to these Terms of Service or our Privacy Policy, you may not use the Services. II. UPDATES We may modify our Privacy Policy from time to time. All modifications to our Privacy Policy are effective immediately when posted. You will know we have changed the Policy when you see a new updated date at the top of this Policy. If you do not agree to the modified Privacy Policy, you may not use the Services. Scraping Robot will not notify the Services’ users of any such changes by email or other personal contact, although we reserve the right to do so. Age Restriction. Scraping Robot does not intend to use the Services to collect any information from children under age 18. By submitting any information through the Services, you represent and warrant that you are older than age 18.  If we learn that personal information from users under the age of 18 has been collected, we will take reasonable measures to promptly delete the data from our records. III.      INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT IT As described below, we may collect several types of information from and about users of the Services, including, but not limited to, information: by which you may be personally identified, such as name or email address (“personal information”); that is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access the Services and usage details. We collect this information: Directly from you when you provide it to us. Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies. IV. INFORMATION COLLECTION Collection of Submitted Information. Scraping Robot may collect and store any information you submit or upload through the Services, whether through your submission of information through a form, purchase of a product, reporting of a problem, registering an account, or otherwise. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, email address, telephone number, payment information, or any other information submitted by you or any user through the Services. We may collect records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses) if you contact us. Collection from Third-Parties. Scraping Robot may collect information about you from third-parties, including from any account through which you log into, or otherwise interact with, Scraping Robot (e.g., Facebook or Google). If applicable, Scraping Robot may have access to certain information from your linked Google or Facebook account, including your public profile information, your email address, or other information possessed by those third-parties. Scraping Robot may aggregate any information about you collected from any source.  Information gathered from third parties is public information.  If you do not want your information shared with Scraping Robot, you will have to adjust your privacy settings on the third party platform. Passive Information Collection. Scraping Robot may also collect passive information about your device, visit, or use of the Services, including, but not limited to, the date and time of your visit, the length of your visit, the specific webpages you visited, your IP address or other location data, the type of web browser and operating system used, the address of any website that directed you to the Services, and information about your mobile device used to access the Services (including phone number, operating system details, and any applicable unique identifiers for you or your device, including your devices’ Unique Device Identifier (UDID), any Apple or iOS identifiers (e.g., IDFA or an Advertising Identifier), any Google or Android identifiers (e.g., Android or Google Advertising ID), any Windows identifiers (e.g., Windows Advertising ID), or any other similar identifiers which identify you or your device). Scraping Robot may collect and aggregate usage information related to your use of the Services. Cookies and Related Technologies. We, or other third-parties assisting us, may use cookies, web beacons, local shared objects (sometimes called “flash cookies”), or other similar technology in connection with your use of the Services (collectively, “Cookies”). Cookies are small data files that may have unique identifiers, and reside, among other places, on your computer or mobile device, in emails we send to you, and on our web pages. Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of the Services, such as your browser type, search preferences, data relating to advertisements that have been displayed to you or that you have clicked on, and the date and time of your use. Cookies may track activities over time and across websites. You can disable some (but not all) Cookies in your device or browser settings, but doing so may affect your ability to use the services provided through the Services. Pages of our scrapingrobot.com may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). Analytics Services. Scraping Robot may, from time to time, use one or more analytics service providers, including, for example, Google, Facebook, or others. Scraping Robot may use the following Google analytics features: AdWords, Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. We may combine information gathered from one or more of these services. For information on how Google collects and uses the information collected through Scraping Robot’s use of the Google analytics and advertising services, if applicable, see the Google, Inc. Privacy Policy click here ( https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ ). For more information about the Google analytics features used by Scraping Robot, if applicable, click here ( https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2404395?hl=en&ref_topic=1631776&rd=1 ). For information on how to see and change your Google Ad Settings, click here ( https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662856?hl=en ). For information on the use of the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On, click here ( https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ ). However, Scraping Robot does not necessarily endorse this add-on and does not guarantee that using the add-on will be effective. For more information on how Facebook Analytics may collect and use the information collected through Scraping Robot’s use of the Facebook’s analytics and advertising services, if applicable, see the Facebook data use policy and related policies click here. ( https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy ). The Services may, from time to time, also include social media functions allowing you to like or share content on social media platforms like Facebook or Twitter. These features may collect your information through the use of cookies or other technologies. These features may be hosted by a third-party and governed by the third-party’s privacy policy. Scraping Robot does not guarantee that it will take action in response to do-not-track signals or similar mechanisms. Additionally, some third-party service providers may still collect tracking information even if you have enabled your browser’s do-not-track functionality or utilized a similar do-not-track mechanism. V. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION Scraping Robot may use the collected information or data described above, individually or in the aggregate, for any lawful purpose, including, but not limited to, such purposes as providing the Services, carrying out our obligations and enforcing our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, notifying you about changes to our products, analyzing and tracking user activity on the Services for individual users or for groups of users, tracking and analyzing usage trends, personalizing the Services to better reflect your preferences, serving more relevant advertisements, or enhancing your and other users’ use of the Services. All collected information may be linked to specific website users and may result in the tracking of the usage information for individual users. Scraping Robot may also use your submitted information to contact you, via regular mail, email, text message, telephone, or otherwise, regarding your account, the Services, your purchased services or products, or other relevant or promotional information or offers as determined by Scraping Robot or its partners. By submitting your contact information to Scraping Robot or Scraping Robot’s partners, you consent to receiving such communications. VI. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION Except for the limitations expressly discussed herein, if any, Scraping Robot may disclose, sell, or transfer any collected information to third-parties for any lawful purpose in our sole discretion. We do not guarantee that your use of the Services will be anonymous. Third-Party Services. If you log in to Scraping Robot through a third-party service like Facebook or Google, then those third-parties may have access to certain information about your use of Scraping Robot. For more information on the type of information those third-parties may collect about you, please review the privacy policies for those third-parties. Vendors. Scraping Robot may use third-party companies, agents, or contractors to perform services on our behalf. For example, Scraping Robot may partner with other companies to personalize our web pages, analyze our website or usage information, process payments or credit card transactions, fulfill or ship orders, collect debts, analyze or enhance the data collected by the Services (including user’s interaction with the Services), or otherwise assist Scraping Robot in better serving the Services’ users. During the course of providing Scraping Robot with these services, these third-parties may have access to your personal and non-personal information in order to provide the services we requested from those third-parties. Affiliates and Marketing. Scraping Robot may disclose your collected information, including information about any purchases you make through the Services, to Scraping Robot’s affiliated entities. Scraping Robot may also disclose your information to third-parties for marketing purposes. These affiliates and third-parties may contact you via any method of contact you provide to Scraping Robot. Legal Compliance. Scraping Robot also reserves the right to disclose personal information when we reasonably believe disclosure is required by law, if we reasonably believe disclosure is necessary to establish or exercise legal rights, or in situations involving potential threats to physical safety. Merger or Acquisition. In the event that Scraping Robot is acquired by or merged with a third-party, we reserve the right to sell or otherwise transfer any and all information we have collected from you as part of that transaction and such third-party will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this Policy. VII.   THIRD-PARTY LINKS The Services may contain links to websites not owned or controlled by Scraping Robot. Scraping Robot does not necessarily review or endorse the content of these linked websites. You should review the terms of service and privacy policies of all websites you visit. VIII. SECURITY We use commercially reasonable efforts to protect the information we collect on the Services. Unfortunately, however, no security system can be guaranteed to be 100% effective. Accordingly, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of your personal information and cannot assume liability for improper access to it. Do not submit confidential information through the Services. You are responsible for restricting access to your computer or mobile device through which you access the Services. Users of public or shared computers or unprotected mobile devices should log out at the completion of each visit to our Services. By using the Services, or providing personal information to us through any means, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of these Services. IX. DATA RETENTION Scraping Robot may retain the personal and non-personal information or other collected data, individually or in the aggregate, as described above, for as long as you continue to use the Services, and in some cases after you delete your account or have ceased using the Services to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce the policies that govern the Website and the Services, and/or comply with legal requirements. However, Scraping Robot does not guarantee that any information will continue to be available after such deletion or cessation.  We do not hold your information for longer than necessary. X. VIEWING AND UPDATING INFORMATION You are responsible for updating and maintaining the accuracy of your personal information that you provide to or through the Services. If you believe you have submitted inaccurate information through the Services, and would like Scraping Robot to change such information, please contact Scraping Robot at the address below. XI. YOUR STATE PRIVACY RIGHTS If you are a California, Colorado, Utah, or Virginia resident, your state’s laws may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, scroll down on this page. Colorado, Virginia, and Utah each provide their state residents with the rights to: Confirm whether we process their personal information. Access and delete certain personal information. Data portability. Opt-out of personal data processing for targeted advertising and sales. Colorado and Virginia also provide their residents with rights to: Correct inaccuracies in their personal information, taking into account the information’s natural processing purpose. Opt-out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. To exercise any of these rights please call 800.484.0229 extension 1 . XII.   CONTACT INFORMATION To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, please fill out this form. Privacy Notice for California Residents Effective Date: June 5, 2022 This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in Scraping Robot’s Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice. Information We Collect The scrapingrobot.com website (collectively, the “Site”) collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). Personal information does not include: Publicly available information from government records. Deidentified or aggregated consumer information. Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like: health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994. In particular, the Site has collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last 12 months: Category Examples Collected A. Identifiers. A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. YES B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. YES C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). YES D. Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. YES E. Biometric information. Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. NO F. Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. YES G. Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. YES H. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. NO I. Professional or employment-related information. Current or past job history or performance evaluations. NO J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. NO K. Inferences drawn from other personal information. Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. NO Scraping Robot obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase. Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Site. Use of Personal Information We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns. To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Site, products, and services. To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us. To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud. To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses. To personalize your Site experience. For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Site, products, and services. To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA. Scraping Robot will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. Sharing Personal Information Scraping Robot may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties: Subsidiaries and affiliates. Contractors and service providers. Data aggregators. Third parties with whom we partner to offer products and services to you. Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose In the preceding 12 months, Scraping Robot has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose to the parties identified above: Category A: Identifiers. Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories. Category D: Commercial information. Category F: Internet or other similar network activity. Category G: Geolocation data. Sales of Personal Information In the preceding 12 months, Scraping Robot has not sold personal information. Your Rights and Choices The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights. Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights You have the right to request that Scraping Robot disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights ), we will disclose to you: The categories of personal information we collected about you. The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request). If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained. Deletion Request Rights You have the right to request that Scraping Robot delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights ), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq. ). Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. Comply with a legal obligation. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request by either: Calling us at 800.484.0229 extension 1. Completing the linked Consumer Rights Request . Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must: Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. You do not need to create an account with us to submit a request to know or delete. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account. Response Timing and Format We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time. Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: Deny you goods or services. Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time. Other California Privacy Rights California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please call us at: 800.484.0229 extension 1 or write us at Scraping Robot, LLC, 440 N 8th St., Suite 110, Lincoln, NE 68508. Changes to Our Privacy Notice Scraping Robot reserves the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Site and update the notice’s effective date. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes . Contact Information If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which Scraping Robot collects and uses your information described below and in the Privacy Policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at: Scraping Robot, LLC            or 800.484.0229 extension 1 440 N 8 th Street, Suite 110 Lincoln, NE 68508 If you need to access this Policy in an alternative format due to having a disability, please contact us at: 800.484.0229 extension 1 Scraping Services Our Process Modules Demo Resources Blog About Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us support@scrapingrobot.com Copyright 2023 Scrapingrobot | All Rights Reserved. <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-P38Z93D"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> <a href="https://www.livechatinc.com/chat-with/13216863/" rel="nofollow">Chat with us</a>, powered by <a href="https://www.livechatinc.com/?welcome" rel="noopener nofollow" target="_blank">LiveChat</a>