Privacy Policy JDM List Services LLC JDM List Services LLC JDM List Services LLC JDM List Services LLC JDM List Services LLC JDM List Services LLC JDM List Services LLC JDM List Services LLC Privacy Policy Last updated: June 22, 2020 This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Interpretation and Definitions Interpretation The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural. Definitions For the purposes of this Privacy Policy: · You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable. · Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to JDM List Services LLC, 320 S. Harrison Street, Suite 16J, East Orange, NJ 07018 · Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority. · Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service. · Website refers to JDM List Services LLC, accessible from http://www.jdmlistservices.com · Service refers to the Website. · Country refers to: Florida, United States · Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used. · Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service. · Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. · Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses. · Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet. · Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). Collecting and Using Your Personal Data Types of Data Collected Personal Data While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: · Email address · First name and last name · Usage Data Usage Data Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service. Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device. Tracking Technologies and Cookies We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close your web browser. Learn more about cookies: All About Cookies . We use both session and persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below: · Necessary / Essential Cookies Type: Session CookiesAdministered by: UsPurpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services. · Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies Type: Persistent CookiesAdministered by: UsPurpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website. · Functionality Cookies Type: Persistent CookiesAdministered by: UsPurpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website. For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy. Use of Your Personal Data The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes: · To provide and maintain our Service , including to monitor the usage of our Service. · To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user. · For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service. · To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation. · To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information. · To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us. We may share your personal information in the following situations: · With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You. · For Business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. · With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us. · With Business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions. · With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile. Retention of Your Personal Data The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods. Transfer of Your Personal Data Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer. The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information. Disclosure of Your Personal Data Business Transactions If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy. Law enforcement Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). Other legal requirements The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: · Comply with a legal obligation · Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company · Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service · Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public · Protect against legal liability Security of Your Personal Data The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security. Your California Privacy Rights (California's Shine the Light law) Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California's Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. If you'd like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below. California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581) California Business and Professions Code section 22581 allow California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted. To request removal of such data, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account. Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances. Links to Other Websites Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Changes to this Privacy Policy We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice's effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us: · By email: privacy@jdmlistservices.com · By phone number: 954.205.72282 JDM List Services LLC Privacy Notice Supplement for California Residents Effective Date: January 1, 2020 [ Last Reviewed on : June 22, 2020] This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in JDM List Services LLC's general Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice. Where noted in this Notice, the CCPA temporarily exempts personal information reflecting a written or verbal business-to-business communication (" B2B personal information ") from some its requirements. Information We Collect We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (" personal information "). Personal information does not include: · Publicly available information from government records. · Deidentified or aggregated consumer information. · Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like: o health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; o personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994. In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months: Category Examples Collected A. Identifiers. A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal   identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address,   account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport   number, or other similar identifiers. [YES] B. Personal information categories listed in the   California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). A name, signature, Social Security number, physical   characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number,   driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy   number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number,   credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information,   medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may   overlap with other categories. [YES] C. Protected classification characteristics under   California or federal law. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national   origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition,   physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender   expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual   orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including   familial genetic information). [NO] D. Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services   purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming   histories or tendencies. [YES] E. Biometric information. Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological   characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other   identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and   voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical   patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. [NO] F. Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's   interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. [YES] G. Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. [YES] H. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar   information. [NO] I. Professional or employment-related information. Current or past job history or performance evaluations. [NO] J. Non-public education information (per the Family   Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part   99)). Education records directly related to a student maintained   by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades,   transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes,   student financial information, or student disciplinary records. [NO] K. Inferences drawn from other personal information. Profile reflecting a person's preferences,   characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,   intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. [YES] We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: · Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase. · Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Website. · From data compilers and aggregators. Use of Personal Information We may use, sell, or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes: · To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns. · To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services. · To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us. · To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud. · To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses. · To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law). · To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business. · For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and services. · To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. · As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA. · To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our consumers is among the assets transferred. We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. Sharing Personal Information We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose [or sell your personal information, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties: · Service providers. · Data aggregators. Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: [A. Identifiers.] [B. California Customer Records personal information categories.] [D. Commercial information.] [F. Internet or other similar network activity.] [G. Geolocation data.] [K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.] We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: · Service providers. · Advertising companies · Marketing companies Sales of Personal Information In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has not sold personal information Your Rights and Choices The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights. Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights ), we will disclose to you: · The categories of personal information we collected about you. · The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you. · Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. · The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. · The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request). · If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: o sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and o disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained. Deletion Request Rights You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights ), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: 1. Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you. 2. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. 3. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. 4. Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law. 5. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq. ). 6. Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent. 7. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. 8. Comply with a legal obligation. 9. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: · Calling us at 1-888-526-0909 · Emailing us at privacy@jdmlistservices.com Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must: · Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include: · Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights . Response Timing and Format We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link: Do Not Sell My Personal Information Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by: You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: · Deny you goods or services. · Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. · Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. · Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. Other California Privacy Rights California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@jdmlistservices.com or write us at: 320 S. Harrison Street, Suite 16J, East Orange, NJ 07018. Changes to Our Privacy Notice We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice's effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes . Contact Information If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which JDM List Services LLC collects and uses your information described here and in the Privacy Policy , your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at: Phone : 1-888-526-0909 Email : privacy@jdmlistservices.com Postal Address : JDM List Services LLC Attn: Data Privacy Department 320 S. Harrison Street Suite 16J East Orange, NJ 07018 Copyright © 2023 JDM List Services - All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell My Personal Information