Decide Privacy Policy Brands Publishers Decision Marketplace Company Branding Terms Privacy Careers Brands Publishers Decision Marketplace Branding Terms Privacy Careers Sign in Privacy Policy Effective as of February 7, 2022 Introduction This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to data collected through the website, Decide.co (“Site”), and through Company (defined below) websites, monetization widgets, and advertising platforms (collectively, the “Service”). As part of the Service, Company generates impressions and drives traffic to its advertiser customers’ landing page URLs by distributing advertiser content and other forms of content across digital websites owned by either Company or the partners with which Company or its affiliates have a relationship. The Site and Service are offered by Decide Technologies Inc. (fka LockerDome, Inc.), its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, “Company,” or “we,” “us,” or “our”). This Privacy Policy is intended to help you better understand what data we collect, the ways in which this data is used, and steps you can take to update, manage, view, export and delete your data. Please also review the Terms of Service regarding the proper usage of the Site and Service. Data We Collect We use cookies, pixel tags, local storage objects, server logs and other tracking technologies to collect and store data about you and your activities. These tracking technologies carry unique identifiers, which are relative to either your browser or account, and allow us to make informed decisions to better your experience with our services, such as personalizing content and advertisements to match your taste profile, remembering your preferences, improving the features you use, and building new features and services. We use both first- and third-party cookies. First-party cookies are set by the website that is being visited. Third-party cookies are set by a domain other than that of the website you are visiting. When accessing the Service on the Site, we set first-party cookies and our trusted third-party business partners set third-party cookies. When accessing the Service via a website we do not own, we and our trusted third-party business partners set third-party cookies. We use a combination of persistent and session cookies. Persistent cookies are cookies that remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie; the length varies based on the use, but we typically expire persistent cookies within 18 months or less, although there are times we may need to keep them around for longer than 18 months. Session cookies are temporary, starting when your browser window opens and deleting when it closes. We also use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with the Site and Service, compile reports on their activity, and provide other services related to their activity and usage. The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a returning visitor, and any referring website. The technologies used by Google Analytics do not gather information that personally identifies you. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies . To learn more about Google’s partner services and to learn how to opt-out of tracking of analytics by Google, click here . Included in this Privacy Policy are options on how we collect and store your data through cookies. Further, you can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit or severely degrade your use of the Service. Classifications of Cookies We Use. Broadly, we use four classifications of cookies. Some of the cookies we use span multiple classifications. Strictly Necessary Cookies Allow you to interact with the Service and access secure areas, such as updating your billing information. Without these cookies, we cannot provide the requested services in a useful and safe manner. Performance Cookies Allow us to analyze how users interact with the Service, so that we can improve the user experience and build new features that are useful. Functionality Cookies Used to remember choices you have made, such as layout, language or product preferences. Targeting Cookies Used to recommend content and advertisements that match your personal taste profile. Some internet browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature that signals to websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Given that there is not a uniform way that browsers communicate the “Do Not Track” signal, the Site does not currently interpret, respond to or alter its practices when it receives “Do Not Track” signals. To inquire further about the specific cookies we use, please email us at privacy@decide.co. Basic Data We Automatically Collect. When you access the Site and Service, we collect and store basic device data, such as IP address, approximate geographic location, device type, browser, and operating system. We take extra precautions to fully anonymize this data by truncating the IP address and obscuring other data that would allow someone to triangulate this data with other data sources to identify you. For example, we use an anonymized approach (“Anonymous Mode”) if a user has requested to anonymize their data. Activity. Whenever you access the Service, we and our trusted third-party business partners, consisting of advertisers, publishers and third-party vendors (“Partners”), use a combination of the technologies listed above to better understand how you interact with our Service. This includes interactions with the Service directly, as well as tracking your activity when we directly refer you to a third-party website, such as tracking product purchases. This data is foundational in personalizing content and advertisements to match your taste profile, remembering your preferences, improving the features you use, and building new features and services. Account and Profile Data. When you register an account with the Company, we ask for personally identifiable data, such as name, email address, and date of birth. If you do not feel comfortable providing this data, please do not create an account. If you have already created an account and no longer feel comfortable with having provided this data, please follow the steps noted below under “Transparency and Choice” to update your data and settings, or delete your data and account, to match your personal comfort level. If you are a publisher or advertiser, there is often additional data we need to collect in order to execute the business relationship, such as payment data; we collect, store and use this data directly through the Service, through and in conjunction with third-party vendors, and through various business forms, such as insertion orders. In all cases, this data is safeguarded and is only used for the sole purpose of executing the business relationship as contractually outlined. How We Use the Data We Collect We use data collected directly from you, from our trusted Partners, and via publicly available data sources to improve your experience with our services. Our business and commercial purposes include, but are not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards. For example, we use your activity data to better understand your personal preferences, ensuring we deliver you content, advertisements, and experiences that match your personal taste profile. More broadly, we analyze aggregated trends to better understand how our product decisions detract or add to your experience when accessing the Service. Transparency and Choice Our settings are designed to allow you to access the Service in a manner that aligns with your personal comfort level. Below are steps you can take to update, manage, view, export and delete your data. Unregistered Users. If you are accessing the Service as an unregistered user (e.g., you are not logged in), we still track the data described above in the “Basic Data We Automatically Collect” and “Activity” sections, but rather than tying that data to a logged-in account, we automatically associate it with a logged-out account ID, which allows us to personalize the content and advertising experience for you. If you do not want us to personalize the experience for you, please do one of the following: Anonymizing Your Data By choosing this option, you will begin accessing the Service in “Anonymous Mode,” in which we de-identify your data by truncating the IP address and obscuring other data that would allow someone to triangulate and identify you. Please note that to accomplish this, we will still be placing an opt-out cookie and a general account cookie on your device. The opt-out cookie instructs upfront to anonymize your data. By opting out, you will continue to receive content and ads, but they will be less relevant, as they will be blind to any data about you. The general account cookie allows us to obscure any data we do collect and store by pooling it with other data from the platform in a non-identifiable manner. To ensure you are in Anonymous Mode in all places, you will need to opt out on each device and browser combination from which you access the Service. Further, whenever you switch to a new device or browser, or if you clear your cookies, you will need to opt out again to resume accessing the Service via Anonymous Mode. Lastly, if you log in or create a new account, the Anonymous Mode status will no longer apply. Therefore, please do not create an account or log in if you wish to maintain accessing the Service via Anonymous Mode. Should you do this by accident, you can go through the opt-out process again from the device and browser from which you created an account or logged in. Anonymous Mode Deleting Your Data To you delete your data, please fill out the form at the bottom of the page. If you are currently using the Service in Anonymous Mode, the form will not be available, as we will not have any access to or knowledge of your personal data. To ensure we fully delete your data, you will need to make this request via each device and browser combination from which you accessed the Service. Requesting Your Data If you would like to request access to and/or export your data, please fill out the form at the bottom of the page. Registered Users. Updating or Correcting Your Data If you are a registered user and would like to update or correct your data, go to “Profile Menu > Settings > Basic.” Adjusting Your Settings As a registered user, you can easily control settings like which social accounts are associated with your account and what kind of email communication you receive from us. To update these settings, go to “Profile Menu > Settings.” Anonymizing Your Data To completely anonymize your data, you will need to log out of your account, and then use the instructions above under Unregistered Users > Anonymizing Your Data to begin using the Service in Anonymous Mode. Deleting Your Data When logged in, you can easily update and delete most data and content you create. If you would like us to delete your account and all its personally identifiable data, please fill out the form at the bottom of the page. Requesting Your Data If you would like to request access to and/or export your data, please fill out the form at the bottom of the page. Children This Service is not intended for children under the age of 13, or under the age limit (“Age Limit”) when it varies in other geographic regions. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the Age Limit. If we learn that we have collected personal data for a child under the Age Limit, we will take timely action to delete all personally identifiable data. If you are the parent of or know of a child that is under the Age Limit and has submitted personal data to the Service, please contact us immediately at privacy@decide.co. Safeguarding Your Data We appreciate your trust and take the responsibility of securing your data seriously. We maintain commercially reasonable security measures to protect the personally identifiable data we collect and store from loss, misuse, destruction, or unauthorized access. However, no security measure or modality of data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. Although we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personally identifiable data, we cannot guarantee absolute security. When We Share Your Data Publicly Available Content. As a registered user, the content you create, as well as some of the non-sensitive personal data you enter about yourself (e.g., your name), is made publicly available. If you do not want this content and data available to others, please do not create or enter it. If you have previously created content or entered personal data and no longer want it publicly available, please log in and delete it. If you are also concerned about other personal data associated with your account, such as your activity, please follow the instructions above to request an account deletion. Partners. Our Partners independently collect and store their own data on users. Please read the privacy policies published on those websites or in those apps that you interact with, as their data collection, use, and sharing may differ. This Privacy Policy only governs personally identifiable data that is acquired by us through the Service. The Company is not responsible for any improper use by such parties. Service Partners. We may share personally identifiable data with service providers who perform data or Service-related services on our behalf (e.g., email, hosting, maintenance, backup, analysis, etc.) and to prepare, deploy, and analyze advertising content. Aggregated Trends. We may analyze and disclose non-identifiable data, such as aggregated user trends, without restriction. Legal. We may disclose your data if we are required to do so by law. This includes disclosure in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, or to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights, including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention. Sale or Merger We may disclose your data to any other person or entity as part of any business or asset sale, equity transaction, merger, acquisition or in preparation for any of these events. Consent. We may disclose your data to any other person or entity where you consent to the disclosure. Other Sites The Service often contains links to third-party websites that we do not own or operate. Before clicking through content and accessing a third-party website, please visit the website’s Privacy Policy. Unless otherwise dictated by law or agreement, the Company is not responsible for any improper use by such parties. Nevada Privacy Rights Nevada law allows Nevada residents to opt-out of the sale of certain types of personal information. Subject to several exceptions, Nevada law defines “sale” to mean the exchange of certain types of personal information for monetary consideration to another person. We do not currently sell personal information as defined in the Nevada law. However, if you are a Nevada resident, you still may submit a verified request to opt-out of sales and we will record your instructions and incorporate them in the future if our policy changes. Opt-out requests may be sent to privacy@decide.co. California Privacy Rights If you are a California resident, the processing of certain personal data about you may be subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") and other applicable California state privacy laws. The CCPA gives you certain rights with respect to the processing of your personal data (known as "personal information", as defined in the CCPA). For more details about the personal information we have collected over the last 12 months, including the categories of sources, please see the Data We Collect section above. We collect and sell this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the How We Use the Data We Collect section above. We share this personal information with the categories of third parties described in the When We Share Your Data section above. We do not knowingly collect or sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California consumers the right to request more information about the categories or specific pieces of personal information we collect (including how we use and disclose this information), to delete their personal information, to opt out of any "sales" that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA by contacting us at privacy@decide.co or by calling us toll-free at (800) 560-3603. We will verify your request to know or delete using the information associated with your account. Government identification may be required. Our use of certain third-party cookies to provide the Service may constitute "sales" under the CCPA. To exercise your right to opt-out of these sales, please follow the instructions above under Transparency and Choice > Unregistered Users > Anonymizing Your Data to begin using the Service in Anonymous Mode. Consumers can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf. Please see the Transparency and Choice section above for additional options to make these requests. Shine the Light Law. If you are a California resident, California Civil Code § 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by us to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes (as those terms are defined in that statute). To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@decide.co with the subject line “Shine the Light Request” or write us at the address provided under the “Contact Us” section below. Accessibility We are committed to ensuring this Privacy Policy is accessible to individuals with disabilities. If you wish to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format, please contact us as described below. Changes On a periodic basis, changes will be made to the Privacy Policy which will be noted by presenting the date of the latest modifications at the beginning of the Privacy Policy. To ensure you are fully informed on these updates, please review this Privacy Policy on a regular basis. Contact Us For questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy, please email privacy@decide.co or contact us by mail to Decide Technologies Inc., 1314 Washington Avenue, St. Louis, MO 63103, Attn: Legal Department. Request Form Request Account Deletion Request Account Information This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Submit Request Solutions Brands Publishers Decision Marketplace Ad Formats Company Branding Terms Privacy Careers What to Expect Open Positions © 2022 Decide Technologies Inc.