PRIVACY POLICY -Direct Marketing Association Members - Anchor Computer <style>.woocommerce-product-gallery{ opacity: 1 !important; }</style> <style> .wpb_animate_when_almost_visible { opacity: 1; }</style> This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy. If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked. Accept Decline Skip to content (631) 293-6100 e@anchorcomputer.com Monday – Friday 8 AM – 7:30 PM Facebook page opens in new window Twitter page opens in new window Linkedin page opens in new window Search: Search Email Sign Up Anchor Computer Your Complete Marketing Solutions Provider Home Data Solutions Marketing Data Services Canadian Processing Canadian NCOA Canadian Address Accuracy (SOA) Canadian Phone Append Canadian Merge/Purge Canadian Phone Presort Data Enrichment Business Data Enhancement Consumer Data Enhancement Dealer Radius Processing Gender Code Geocode Merge / Purge Lead Verification Mailing Lists Anchor Targeted Max-Audience Business Lists Consumer Lists LIST SELECT + New Movers Lists Occupant Lists Specialty Lists Phone Data Canadian Processing Consumer & Business Phone Append/Verify Disconnect Rejuvenation Federal & DMA – Do Not Call Landline, Wireless & Private Number Append New Connects / New Movers Reverse Phone Append Service SMS Messaging POS Capture Presort Data Quality AAE – Anchor Address Enhancement AAE+ – ANCHOR ADDRESS ENHANCEMENT PLUS NCOALINK® Service Provider Canadian Processing Canadian NCOA Canadian Address Accuracy (SOA) Canadian Phone Append Canadian Merge/Purge Canadian Presort CASS  | INCLUDES DPV | LACSLINK | SUITELINK Deceased Suppression DMA Mail Preference Suppress | Super Suppress Delivery Sequence File (DSF2) Processing File View MaxCOA MaxIdentify Name & Address Verify POS Capture Super Cleanse Options Digital Marketing Email Address Data Hygiene And Validation Service Email Append – Consumer & Business Reverse Email Append Email Coa (Change Of Address) Targeted Max-Audience Email Campaign Management Email Deployment DMA Email Preference Service Anchor Connect E-Max Open Data Management Data Enrichment Business Data Enhancement Consumer Data Enhancement Dealer Radius Processing Gender Code Geocode Merge / Purge Database Consulting Database 3.0 – Design & Construction Hosting & Maintenance Merge / Purge Omnichanel Marketing Automation Platform Reformat | Conversion Data Analysis CRM Retargeting Service Data Modeling & Predictive Analysis Response Analysis Data Profile – Consumer Lists Industries Ad Agencies Direct Mail Education Financial Services And Insurance Government And Public Sector Healthcare Non-Profits And Associations Retail Business Telemarketing Resources Client Services Forms Product Sheets Email Glossary CAN-SPAM ACT FAQ Postal Resources Other Resources Support Customer Support Order Process & FAQ Order Automation Security & Risk Management Hrs of Operation About History Our Team Contact Us Blog Login (631) 293-6100 e@anchorcomputer.com Monday – Friday 8 AM – 7:30 PM Facebook page opens in new window Twitter page opens in new window Linkedin page opens in new window Search: Search Email Sign Up Login Search: Search Home Data Solutions Marketing Data Services Canadian Processing Canadian NCOA Canadian Address Accuracy (SOA) Canadian Phone Append Canadian Merge/Purge Canadian Phone Presort Data Enrichment Business Data Enhancement Consumer Data Enhancement Dealer Radius Processing Gender Code Geocode Merge / Purge Lead Verification Mailing Lists Anchor Targeted Max-Audience Business Lists Consumer Lists LIST SELECT + New Movers Lists Occupant Lists Specialty Lists Phone Data Canadian Processing Consumer & Business Phone Append/Verify Disconnect Rejuvenation Federal & DMA – Do Not Call Landline, Wireless & Private Number Append New Connects / New Movers Reverse Phone Append Service SMS Messaging POS Capture Presort Data Quality AAE – Anchor Address Enhancement AAE+ – ANCHOR ADDRESS ENHANCEMENT PLUS NCOALINK® Service Provider Canadian Processing Canadian NCOA Canadian Address Accuracy (SOA) Canadian Phone Append Canadian Merge/Purge Canadian Presort CASS  | INCLUDES DPV | LACSLINK | SUITELINK Deceased Suppression DMA Mail Preference Suppress | Super Suppress Delivery Sequence File (DSF2) Processing File View MaxCOA MaxIdentify Name & Address Verify POS Capture Super Cleanse Options Digital Marketing Email Address Data Hygiene And Validation Service Email Append – Consumer & Business Reverse Email Append Email Coa (Change Of Address) Targeted Max-Audience Email Campaign Management Email Deployment DMA Email Preference Service Anchor Connect E-Max Open Data Management Data Enrichment Business Data Enhancement Consumer Data Enhancement Dealer Radius Processing Gender Code Geocode Merge / Purge Database Consulting Database 3.0 – Design & Construction Hosting & Maintenance Merge / Purge Omnichanel Marketing Automation Platform Reformat | Conversion Data Analysis CRM Retargeting Service Data Modeling & Predictive Analysis Response Analysis Data Profile – Consumer Lists Industries Ad Agencies Direct Mail Education Financial Services And Insurance Government And Public Sector Healthcare Non-Profits And Associations Retail Business Telemarketing Resources Client Services Forms Product Sheets Email Glossary CAN-SPAM ACT FAQ Postal Resources Other Resources Support Customer Support Order Process & FAQ Order Automation Security & Risk Management Hrs of Operation About History Our Team Contact Us Blog (631) 293-6100 e@anchorcomputer.com Monday – Friday 8 AM – 7:30 PM Email Sign Up Login PRIVACY POLICY You are here: Home PRIVACY POLICY Last updated: October 6, 2022 1. Introduction to Anchor Computer’s Services Anchor Computer (Anchor) and its affiliates provide our clients a wide variety of data products and services that enable them to more efficiently create targeted marketing promotions and allow our clients to have a better understanding of their customers. For more information about our services, please visit www.anchorcomputer.com . Our clients use this data to promote to consumers and businesses through a variety of media channels such as; direct mail, email, display ads and other channels. Consumer and business data maintained by Anchor is collected from data suppliers and partners, and not collected directly by Anchor. 2. Consumer Privacy Anchor does not collect consumer data from our websites. All consumer and business data we maintain is received from data partners and complies with all laws related to consumer privacy and personal information protection. Anchor is compliant with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), Nevada SB220, and Vermont’s Data Broker Regulation. In the sections below, we explain how Anchor Computer’s website collects information for business purposes from visitors with a business interest. Consumers that access Anchor Computer’s websites specifically for privacy and opt-out purposes are NOT subject to any website data capture processes, including those in section 5 of this policy. Consumers who wish to Opt out of Anchor Computer’s Database(s) may click Anchor Opt Out to opt out of Anchor Computer’s database. Consumers who wish to opt out can also email privacyteam@anchorcomputer.com or call our toll-free number 800-646-2563. If you wish to opt out, be prepared to provide the following information. First name Last name Address City State Zip code SSN (last 4 digits) Date of Birth Phone number Email This data is necessary to lookup the individual within the Anchor databases(s) and for identity verification. Anchor will send a request for verification to a consumer via email. The consumer must respond as part of the verification process. If you choose to opt out, we will stop providing your data to clients. This will only opt you out of Anchor Computer’s database(s). While our clients may no longer receive your information from Anchor Computer, it is possible they may be receiving your information from other sources. We may also retain certain information for products that involve risk, compliance or anti-fraud measures as permissibly allowed by law. 3. California Consumer Privacy under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires businesses, including Anchor Computer, to provide additional services and information for California consumers. These include: The right to request a disclosure of the personal information a business collects, uses, discloses, and sells. The right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information by a business. The right to request the deletion of their personal information collected by the business. The right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. Anchor Computer is considered a data broker as defined by CCPA. The information we collect and manage is described in section 4. We do NOT collect or manage any information related to minors under the age of 18. Anchor is obligated to verify the identity of the consumer making requests pertaining to CCPA. In order to verify the identity of the consumer, Anchor Computer will, at a minimum, require the following information. First name Last name Address City State Zip code SSN (last 4 digits) Date of Birth Phone number Email Anchor will send a request for verification to a consumer via email. The consumer must respond as part of the verification process. If a consumer cannot be verified, the CCPA request cannot be completed. This is for the purpose of preventing fraud and other issues. An authorized agent can make a request under CCPA on the consumer’s behalf by using the same methods a consumer would use. The consumer must complete Anchor’s verification process by responding to the request confirmation email sent by Anchor. California consumers may click Anchor CCPA Request to submit CCPA requests. California consumers can also email privacyteam@anchorcomputer.com or call our toll-free number 800-646-2563 to submit CCPA requests. The table below is a report on requests made under CCPA from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020. Requests to know Requests to know delete Requests to opt-out Number of requests received 10 13 13 Number of requests complied with in whole 9 12 12 Number of requests complied with in part 0 0 0 Number of requests denied because the request was not verifiable 1 1 1 Mean number of days we took to substantively respond to requests 45 45 45 4. The Types of Data That We Obtain and Use Anchor receives data from consumer companies, business to business companies, data compilers, and public or government entities. This data includes: Identifying information such as name, social security number, postal address, email address, and telephone number. Online information such as IP addresses. Demographic information such as age, religion, ethnicity, marital status, gender, hobbies, and purchase information. Business-related information such as business name, address, email or job title. Anchor DOES NOT receive, manage or resell any information related to minors under the age of 18 years. 5. Our Services, and How We Use Information Anchor Computer uses information for various purposes such as the purposes listed below: We help clients deliver, target, and optimize direct mail and email campaigns. We also help clients with marketing strategies for these campaigns. We help clients measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns and devise strategies to improve response on these campaigns. We provide other data services, such as (but not limited to) data quality enhancement, data enrichment, and data analysis. The purposes listed above are not the only ways we may use data. You can learn more about all of the services we offer on our website. Anchor Computer respects your privacy and uses data responsibly to comply with the law. Anchor uses only US and Canada databases for Address Hygiene and Data Enhancement Processing. Any non-US and Canadian data received by Anchor’s systems, intentionally or unintentionally, will not be processed and will be deleted or returned to the client as received. Clients are requested to remove such data prior to sending their files to Anchor for processing. 6. The Information Collected On Our Website for Business Purposes Anchor Computer’s website is mainly used by businesses that wish to use our services, but consumers may use it to learn more about our services. If you use this website for only consumer opt-out or learning about privacy, then NO information is collected. If you use this website to contact us by email (for purposes other than consumer opt out or privacy policy), we may collect the following information: Contact information is collected when you provide us with information through our website such as (but not limited to) when you contact us, sign up for an email newsletter, or log in to our website. We may use the information for any business purpose such as to provide services to you, send you emails, respond to your questions, send marketing messages to you, and analyze how customers are using our website. Credit card numbers are not kept on our database after a transaction is completed. We also passively collect information (collected whether or not you provide us with information). This may include your browser type, operating system, time-stamp, IP address, URL referral information, and a unique identifier. Anchor provides a secure environment that includes digital certificate/SSL for secure transactions, PGP encryption, enhanced login features, multi-level security to prevent hacking, and firewall systems. We may collect or store the information above by using cookies and similar technologies and may target ads to you. To opt out of these type of targeted ads or learn more about it, go to aboutads.info . You can unsubscribe from our emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” (or similar) link we provide at the bottom of the emails that we send. However, even if you delete your account, we may keep your information to comply with laws and other business purposes. Even if you subscribe or opt-out, we may still send you communications related to your use of our services. 7. How We Work with and Share or Sell Data with Third Parties Anchor Computer may share or sell the data it has as listed below: Agents and Service Providers: We may share data with or sell data to agents, business partners, and service providers who help us provide services requested by clients (including to perform any of the services described in the privacy policy). We may do so, for example, to help send advertising on behalf of our clients, for analytical purposes, or to perform services for clients. These agents and service providers include Advertising/Marketing Companies, Advertising Networks, Internet Service Providers, Apparel & Accessory Companies, Automotive Companies, Business Service/Agencies, Business to Business Companies, Parenting Product Companies, Communication Services Companies, Consumer Packaged Goods Companies, Consumer Services Companies, Health and Wellness Product and Service Companies, Marketing Data Companies, Data Analytics Providers, Operating Systems and Platforms, Social Networks, Consumer Data Resellers, Educational Institutions & Companies, Electronics Companies, Energy and Utility Companies, Financial Services Companies, Food & Beverage Companies, Gift Product Companies, Lifestyle & Interest Product Companies, Manufacturing Companies, Not for Profit Organizations, Publishing Product Companies, Technology/Computer Software Companies, Telecommunications Companies, Travel, Leisure & Entertainment Companies, and Public or Government Entities. Partners: We may share data with or sell data to business partners, data partners, or clients to help provide targeted advertising and for analytical purposes. These partners include Advertising/Marketing Companies, Advertising Networks, Internet Service Providers, Apparel & Accessory Companies, Automotive Companies, Business Service/Agencies, Business to Business Companies, Parenting Product Companies, Communication Services Companies, Consumer Packaged Goods Companies, Consumer Services Companies, Health and Wellness Product and Service Companies, Marketing Data Companies, Data Analytics Providers, Operating Systems and Platforms, Social Networks, Consumer Data Resellers, Educational Institutions & Companies, Electronics Companies, Energy and Utility Companies, Financial Services Companies, Food & Beverage Companies, Gift Product Companies, Lifestyle & Interest Product Companies, Manufacturing Companies, Not for Profit Organizations, Publishing Product Companies, Technology/Computer Software Companies, Telecommunications Companies, Travel, Leisure & Entertainment Companies, and Public or Government Entities. Affiliates, Parents, and Subsidiaries: We may share or sell some or all the data we have with affiliated or subsidiary companies. As Required by Law or to Protect Any Party: We may disclose data if we believe that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or protect the rights or safety of Anchor Computer, a client, or another party. Data We Collect on Our Website: We use the data we collect on our website to market and for our business purposes. For example, we may use your name and email address to send you newsletters about our company. 8. Cookies, Web Pixels, and Similar Technologies The section below is about the cookies and similar technologies Anchor Computer, our clients, and our business partners may use. Cookies: Cookies are small text files that websites and other online services use to store information about users on the user’s own computer. For example, cookies can be used to store log in information. Cookies may also store a unique identifier linked to your computer so that web services and networks can recognize you across visits to different websites. Pixels: Pixels may also communicate information from your browser to a web server. Pixels can be embedded in web pages, emails, videos, or emails. This allows the web server to read information from your browser such as if you viewed a web page or email, the date and time you viewed it, and your IP address. We sometimes work with third parties to enhance our services. These partners may have their own cookies, pixels, or similar technologies on your device that collect various types of de-identified information about your browser or device. We may also place cookies on emails that we send to help us understand more about the recipients who opened the email. We may place cookies on our website to help us market to you. Our business partners may use cookies and pixels that we have no control over. 9. Your Marketing and Privacy Choices Opting Out of Online Targeting: If you wish to opt out of other third party ad platforms and ad networks, you can go to aboutads.info . Opting out using this link won’t prevent you from getting ads, but it will stop companies from tailoring ads to you based on your interests. These opt outs are browser specific. Unsubscribing from Our Emails: We provide a way for you to opt out of receiving emails with an “unsubscribe” link on the bottom of the email. Anchor does not maintain any credit data on consumers and therefore does not have a procedure for reviewing and changing information. 10. Changes to this Privacy Policy In the future, we may update this Privacy Policy. Any changes will become effective when they are posted to our website. This date is listed below. Please check back on this page to learn of any changes to this Privacy Policy. This policy is effective from October 6, 2022. 11. Questions or Concerns If you have questions or concerns about Anchor Computer’s privacy policy or data products, please contact us: Anchor Computer Inc. 1300 Walt Whitman Rd, Suite 103 Melville, NY 11747 United States of America privacyteam@anchorcomputer.com 800-646-2563 Share this page Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Tweet Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Contact Us Please leave this field empty. Δ Recent Blog Posts Modern Strategic Segmentation 08-22-2019 B2B Email Marketing Tips 08-08-2019 The Art of Email Acquisition 08-02-2018 The Future of Email 07-26-2018 Firmographics are … 07-19-2018 Visit Us At: © Anchor Computer 2022. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy ——— Terms of Service Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Footer Go to Top Home Data Solutions Marketing Data Services Canadian Processing Canadian NCOA Canadian Address Accuracy (SOA) Canadian Phone Append Canadian Merge/Purge Canadian Phone Presort Data Enrichment Business Data Enhancement Consumer Data Enhancement Dealer Radius Processing Gender Code Geocode Merge / Purge Lead Verification Mailing Lists Anchor Targeted Max-Audience Business Lists Consumer Lists LIST SELECT + New Movers Lists Occupant Lists Specialty Lists Phone Data Canadian Processing Consumer & Business Phone Append/Verify Disconnect Rejuvenation Federal & DMA – Do Not Call Landline, Wireless & Private Number Append New Connects / New Movers Reverse Phone Append Service SMS Messaging POS Capture Presort Data Quality AAE – Anchor Address Enhancement AAE+ – ANCHOR ADDRESS ENHANCEMENT PLUS NCOALINK® Service Provider Canadian Processing Canadian NCOA Canadian Address Accuracy (SOA) Canadian Phone Append Canadian Merge/Purge Canadian Presort CASS  | INCLUDES DPV | LACSLINK | SUITELINK Deceased Suppression DMA Mail Preference Suppress | Super Suppress Delivery Sequence File (DSF2) Processing File View MaxCOA MaxIdentify Name & Address Verify POS Capture Super Cleanse Options Digital Marketing Email Address Data Hygiene And Validation Service Email Append – Consumer & Business Reverse Email Append Email Coa (Change Of Address) Targeted Max-Audience Email Campaign Management Email Deployment DMA Email Preference Service Anchor Connect E-Max Open Data Management Data Enrichment Business Data Enhancement Consumer Data Enhancement Dealer Radius Processing Gender Code Geocode Merge / Purge Database Consulting Database 3.0 – Design & Construction Hosting & Maintenance Merge / Purge Omnichanel Marketing Automation Platform Reformat | Conversion Data Analysis CRM Retargeting Service Data Modeling & Predictive Analysis Response Analysis Data Profile – Consumer Lists Industries Ad Agencies Direct Mail Education Financial Services And Insurance Government And Public Sector Healthcare Non-Profits And Associations Retail Business Telemarketing Resources Client Services Forms Product Sheets Email Glossary CAN-SPAM ACT FAQ Postal Resources Other Resources Support Customer Support Order Process & FAQ Order Automation Security & Risk Management Hrs of Operation About History Our Team Contact Us Blog Login