SMS INC PRIVACY POLICY (CA) - SMS-INC Toggle navigation About Us What We Do The Team Partnerships Contact Us Data Card Search Toggle navigation Data Append & Enhancements Automotive BIZ360 CC360 Consumer Data CC360 New Movers Creative services Data Licensing Hygiene & Merge Purge Email List Fulfillment Digital Solutions Creative services Digital Audiences Email Lead Generation Media Creative services Digital Audiences Direct Mail Email Insert Media Out of Home Advertising Partnership Marketing Space Advertising Customer Acquisition Media Management + Monetization Modeling + Analytics CALIFORNIA RESIDENT PRIVACY NOTICE Your California Privacy Rights Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Specialists Marketing Services, Inc. (“SMS”) values the privacy of its customers and consumers.  We’ve created this resource to help California residents understand the type of personal information we collect, how we use it, and how to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Introduction to SMS’ Services SMS helps our clients to provide more targeted, relevant, and effective marketing and communications through various media channels including but not limited to direct mail, email, social media, display ads, and to understand more about their clients and prospects through our wide variety of data products and services. Information SMS Collects SMS Website SMS does not collect personal information about visitors to our site except when visitors specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. Personal information may be gathered from forms submitted to request additional information as well as content or blog subscriptions. We may collect personal information, such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, contact preferences, and other identifiers as part of our effort to transact business with you and to respond to your inquiries. We may also collect personal information from you for marketing purposes unless you specifically opt-out and request that you not be contacted in conjunction with such marketing activities. Marketing Data Products and Services The personal information we collect for our marketing data products is not collected on this website. Our marketing data products contain publicly available information, census information, as well as personal information from data compilers, aggregators, partners and clients. SMS collects the following categories of information about consumers: Name/address Demographic Interest-based data Device Browser Email, clear or hashed IP address Geolocation data Telephone Inferences about your predicted characteristics and preferences Other information about you that is linked to personal information above, for example, information on individuals who have recently moved, purchased a home, obtained a hunting license, registered a boat. SMS does not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information for marketing purposes on anyone under the age of 18. SMS has collected personal information from the following categories of sources in the last twelve (12) months: Business to Business companies Data Compilers/Aggregators/Resellers Public or Government entities Publishing Product companies Telecommunications companies In the past twelve (12) months, SMS has disclosed or sold the categories of personal information referenced above to the following categories of third parties: Advertising/Marketing companies Advertising networks Apparel & Accessory companies Automotive companies Business Services/Agencies Business to Business companies Communication Services companies Consumer Data resellers Consumer Packaged Goods companies Consumer Services companies Data Analytics providers Data Onboarding companies Educational Institutions & companies Electronics companies Food & Beverage companies Furniture & Home Goods companies General Merchandise and Gift Product companies Health and Wellness Product and Service companies Insurance & Financial Services companies Lifestyle & Interest Product companies Marketing Data companies Not for Profit organizations Publishing Product companies Technology/Computer Software companies Telecommunications companies Travel, Leisure & Entertainment companies SMS shares data for the following purposes: Marketing Analytics SMS has also collected “Sensitive Personal Information” over the past twelve (12) months. “Sensitive Personal Information” has been defined under the CCPA as: Personal information that reveals: A consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number A consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account A consumer’s precise geolocation A consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership The contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication A consumer’s genetic data The processing of biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying a consumer Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s sex life or sexual orientation Sensitive personal information that is “publicly available” pursuant to paragraph (2) of subdivision (v) shall not be considered sensitive personal information or personal information. The categories of Sensitive Personal Information that SMS collects are as follows: A consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health If you’d like to Limit the Use and Disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information, please click here . Right to Know Data Collected As a California resident, you have the right to request that SMS disclose the specific pieces or categories of personal information that we have collected about you in the preceding twelve (12) months.  Click here to submit a verifiable request to exercise this right. In order for SMS to properly verify the Consumer’s identity prior to any disclosure of information, SMS will require, at a minimum, the Consumer’s full name, address, email address, and telephone number. Alternatively, you may email dataprivacyteam@sms-inc.com to initiate this request. If SMS cannot verify the identity of the person making the request pursuant to the regulations set forth in Article 4 (Verification of Requests – https://oag.ca.gov/sites/all/files/agweb/pdfs/privacy/oal-sub-final-text-of-regs.pdf ) SMS may request additional information for verification or deny your request. SMS is not obligated to provide the information required by Sections 1798.110, 1798.115 ( https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displayText.xhtml?division=3.&part=4.&lawCode=CIV&title=1.81.5. ) to the same consumer more than twice in a twelve (12) month period. Right to Know Data Shared As a California resident, you have the right to request that SMS disclose the categories of your personal information we have disclosed or sold to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months.  Click here to submit a verifiable request to exercise this right. In order for SMS to properly verify the Consumer’s identity prior to any disclosure of information, SMS will require, at a minimum, the Consumer’s full name, address, email address, and telephone number. Alternatively, you may email dataprivacyteam@sms-inc.com to initiate this request. If SMS cannot verify the identity of the person making the request pursuant to the regulations set forth in Article 4 (Verification of Requests – https://oag.ca.gov/sites/all/files/agweb/pdfs/privacy/oal-sub-final-text-of-regs.pdf) SMS may request additional information for verification or deny your request. SMS is not obligated to provide the information required by Section 1798.110, 1798.115 ( https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displayText.xhtml?division=3.&part=4.&lawCode=CIV&title=1.81.5. ) to the same consumer more than twice in a twelve (12) month period. Right to Delete As a California resident, you have the right to request that SMS delete any personal information we have collected or maintain.  Click here to submit a verifiable request to exercise this right. In order for SMS to properly verify the Consumer’s identity prior to any disclosure of information, SMS will require, at a minimum, the Consumer’s full name, address, email address, and telephone number. Alternatively, you may email dataprivacyteam@sms-inc.com to initiate this request. If SMS cannot verify the identity of the person making the request pursuant to the regulations set forth in Article 4 (Verification of Requests – https://oag.ca.gov/sites/all/files/agweb/pdfs/privacy/oal-sub-final-text-of-regs.pdf) SMS may request additional information for verification or deny your request. Right to Opt-Out As a California resident, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by SMS.  Click here to submit a verifiable request to exercise this right. In order for SMS to properly verify the Consumer’s identity prior to any disclosure of information, SMS will require, at a minimum, the Consumer’s full name, address, email address, and telephone number. Alternatively, you may email dataprivacyteam@sms-inc.com to initiate this request. If SMS cannot verify the identity of the person making the request pursuant to the regulations set forth in Article 4 (Verification of Requests – https://oag.ca.gov/sites/all/files/agweb/pdfs/privacy/oal-sub-final-text-of-regs.pdf) SMS may request additional information for verification or deny your request. Right to Correct As a California resident, you have the right to correct your personal information.  Click here to submit a verifiable request to exercise this right. In order for SMS to properly verify the Consumer’s identity prior to any disclosure of information, SMS will require, at a minimum, the Consumer’s full name, address, email address, and telephone number. Alternatively, you may email dataprivacyteam@sms-inc.com to initiate this request. If SMS cannot verify the identity of the person making the request pursuant to the regulations set forth in Article 4 (Verification of Requests – https://oag.ca.gov/sites/all/files/agweb/pdfs/privacy/oal-sub-final-text-of-regs.pdf) SMS may request additional information for verification or deny your request. Right to Non-Discrimination As a California resident, you have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by SMS for exercising your privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. Data Retention Policy SMS may store your information for as long as it is required for our business purposes, including those set forth in this Privacy Notice. Authorized Agent As a California resident, you can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on the consumer’s behalf.  “Authorized Agent” means a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State that a consumer has authorized to act on their behalf subject to the requirements set forth in section 999.326 ( https://oag.ca.gov/sites/all/files/agweb/pdfs/privacy/oal-sub-final-text-of-regs.pdf ). Other Privacy Choices and Opt-Out Solutions DMAchoice.org ( https://dmachoice.thedma.org/ ) offers consumers a simple, step-by-step process that enables them to decide what mail they do and do not want. In addition, DMAchoice, offers online and mail in registration for DMA’s: eMail Preference Service (reduce your unsolicited commercial email) Telephone Preference Service (to reduce national commercial calls for consumers who live in Pennsylvania and Wyoming – consumers in other states are referred to the National Do Not Call Registry: www.donotcall.gov ) Deceased Do Not Contact list (for name removal of deceased individuals’ names) Do Not Contact list for Caregivers (for caregivers to register name removal on behalf of those individuals for whom they care). Digital Advertising Alliance ( https://youradchoices.com/ ) When you click on the YourAdChoices Icon, you get control over how information about your interests is used for relevant advertising. Network Advertising Alliance ( http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 ) NAI offers an opt-out page where you can learn more about NAI members who deliver tailored online ads and your choices to opt-out of receiving them. Cookie Policy We do not use 1 st Party Cookies to record your visit to our website. We do permit the setting of Third-Party cookies on our website. We use Google Analytics cookies to assess performance and analytics or to perform business research. Managing and refusing the use of Cookies Most browsers allow you to choose whether you wish to accept cookies.  Generally, your browser will offer you the choice to accept, refuse or delete all cookies, or third-party cookies on a website.  Controls will vary by browser so we’ve provided links below to popular browser instructions: Google Chrome ( https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647 ) Internet Explorer ( https://support.microsoft.com/en-ie/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies ) Firefox ( https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences ) Safari ( https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac ) Links to Third Party Sites Our website contains links to third party sites. SMS does not endorse or make any representations about any third party sites including any information found there. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third party sites. Security SMS maintains security procedures designed to keep information we aggregate, license and process from being accessed by any unauthorized person, persons or business. SMS has safeguards in place to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date for the purposes for which it is used. Strict measures are taken to assure against unauthorized access, alteration, or dissemination of personal information. We also maintain physical security for our facilities and limit access to certain critical areas of our business. Privacy Policy Updates SMS may revise this Privacy Policy at our discretion. Any future version of the Privacy Policy generally becomes effective at the time of posting. We encourage you to periodically review the website for the latest changes.  You can determine when this Policy was last revised by checking the “Last Revised” date at the bottom of this Policy. By using, and continuing to use, the site you agree to this Policy. Questions about this Privacy Policy may be submitted by mail to the address below or via email to dataprivacyteam@sms-inc.com . Specialists Marketing Services, Inc. Attn: Data Privacy Team 777 Terrace Ave, Suite 401 Hasbrouck Heights, NJ 07604 This policy was last revised December 22, 2022 A copy of this policy can be downloaded here DATA Append & Enhancements Automotive BIZ360 CC360 Consumer Data CC360 New Movers Creative services Data Licensing Email Hygiene & Merge Purge List Fulfillment MEDIA Creative services Digital Audiences Direct Mail Email Insert Media Out of Home Advertising Partnership Marketing Space Advertising DIGITAL SOLUTIONS Creative services Digital Audiences Email Lead Generation CUSTOMER ACQUISITION MEDIA MANAGEMENT + MONETIZATION MODELING + ANALYTICS SUBMIT AN RFP TESTIMONIALS TURNKEY SOLUTIONS About Us What We Do The Team Partnerships Contact Us Data Card Search Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information Limit My Sensitive Personal Information ( CA ) Privacy Notice Privacy Notice (CA) Privacy Notice ( VA ) Careers Copyright © 2017-2021 Specialists Marketing Services, Inc