website privacy policy | choreograph <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-K4TSQTH"
    height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> products insights about careers contact products insights about careers contact © At Choreograph 2022. All rights reserved. website policy (english) Last Updated: January 21, 2022 website policy (afrikaans) website policy (arabic) website policy (bengali) website policy (chinese) website policy (croatian) website policy (czech) website policy (danish) website policy (english) website policy (estonian) website policy (finnish) website policy (flemish) website policy (french) website policy (german) website policy (greek) website policy (gujarati) website policy (hindi) website policy (hungarian) website policy (italian) website policy (japanese) website policy (kannada) website policy (korean) website policy (latvian) website policy (lithuanian) website policy (malay) website policy (malayalam) website policy (marathi) website policy (norwegian) website policy (oriya) website policy (polish) website policy (portuguese) website policy (romanian) website policy (russian) website policy (serbian) website policy (slovak) website policy (spanish) website policy (swedish) website policy (tagalog) website policy (tamil) website policy (telugu) website policy (thai) website policy (turkish) website policy (ukrainian) Select language What are cookies? What do we use cookies for? How can i delete cookies? We use the following categories of cookies: Use of this site by children & children’s data Links to third party sites There are a few instances where we may collect your name and contact details (such as e-mail address, telephone number and postal address) through your use of our website. We won’t collect this information without consent and never use it in online advertising placement. Examples where you might voluntarily provide your name and contact details include: Responding to requests: we keep a record of information, including email address and other contact information, solely for responding to a user’s request. For example if you click on the “contact us” link and submit a question or comment, we will collect your name, e-mail address, and phone number to send you a reply. If you voluntarily ask to be added to our newsletter list, we will collect your e-mail address to send you our email newsletter. By entering your contact information as noted above you are consenting to Choreograph using that information to contact you regarding your request. This consent is our legal basis for using the information in this way. If at any time you decide to withdraw your consent and like would us to remove you from our marketing e-mails or newsletters, or to unsubscribe from our database, you can contact us using the details in the Contact Us section of the Global Privacy Notice. You must include your name, e-mail address, and clear instructions regarding changes you are requesting. You may also unsubscribe from e-mail newsletters by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link found at the bottom of the e-mail. Choreograph is a data controller responsible for your personal data (as this term or similar term is defined by applicable law) when you visit our Website or provide us with contact information. We use some, or all, of this information to improve your website experience by delivering content that you are likely to prefer on future visits. Our lawful basis for this type of processing is that we have a legitimate interest in understanding and improving your experience of our Website. If you don’t agree to us using cookies and the above information, you may prevent their use through your browser settings or you may choose to opt out HERE. By choosing not to accept cookies, certain Website features may not work as we have intended. What are cookies? Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which we download onto your computer or device when you visit our website. We can recognize these cookies on subsequent visits and they allow us to remember you. Cookies come in many forms and we provide you with further details below regarding the types and categories of cookies that are used generally and on this site. First and third-party cookies – whether a cookie is first-party or third-party refers to the domain placing the cookie. First-party cookies are those set by a website that is being visited by the user, the website displayed in the URL window e.g. https://www.choreograph.com . Third-party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the website being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and another entity sets a cookie through that website this would be a third-party cookie. Session cookie – these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted. What do we use cookies for? Cookies fall into one or more of the categories set out below. This website uses, from time to time, cookies that fall into all the categories. Also, we use data from targeting cookies placed on your computer by third parties when you have visited other websites. How can i delete cookies? If you want to delete any cookies that may already be on your computer or device, please refer to the details below. Additional detail is available in the Cookie Preference Centre, which will display all cookies that are used on this site. If you want to stop cookies being stored on your computer in the future, please refer to your browser manufacturer’s instructions by clicking “Help” in your browser menu. Further information on cookies is available at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ and you can learn about use of cookies for interest-based advertising here www.youronlinechoices.com or http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 . By deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our website. If you delete cookies, install a new browser or get a new computer, the opt-out cookie will need to be reset by coming back to this site. We use the following categories of cookies: Strictly necessary cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance. Such cookies may include third-party cookies provided by Google Analytics. Functional cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. For example, they may be used to help provide services you have asked for, such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity to other websites. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly. Use of this site by children & children’s data We’re sensitive to children’s privacy. Our Website is not developed for or directed at children under age 13. We specifically request that children not provide information about themselves through our Website. If you believe your child has provided this kind of information and would like it deleted from our database, you can contact us at DPO@choreograph.com . If we become aware we’ve collected information about a child under the age of 13, we’ll delete it. Links to third party sites A link from our Website to another website does not imply our endorsement of affiliates or websites, and we do not control third party websites to which we link, nor assume responsibility for their content or privacy policies. Once you follow a link to another website, the Choreograph Privacy Notice no longer applies. It’s important to always read the privacy policy of any website you are visiting. contact company products insights about careers community twitter linkedin youtube privacy global privacy policy ccpa website policy talent privacy policy do not sell my personal information brand kit view brand kit © Copyright Choreograph LLC 2023. All rights reserved the forrester wave report – q2 2022 read the report Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Cookies Details‎ Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Cookies Details‎ Back Button Performance Cookies Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label View Cookies Name cookie name Reject All Confirm My Choices Cookies Button By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Accept All Cookies Reject All Cookies Settings