Privacy Notice for California Residents — Marinus Analytics BREAKING: Our 2021/22 Social Impact Report is here! Read the report for a better feel for who we are, how we work, and what we are striving to achieve. Solutions Traffic Jam Cyber Fraud About Impact Press Our Announcements In the Press Blog Contact Contact Us Careers Solutions Traffic Jam Cyber Fraud About Impact Press Our Announcements In the Press Blog Contact Contact Us Careers Privacy Notice for California Residents Last Updated : February 5, 2021 This Privacy Notice for California Residents (this “ Notice ”) supplements the information contained in Marinus Analytics LLC’s Privacy Policy and applies solely to individuals who reside in the State of California ("you"). We adopt this Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA, including “consumers,” have the same meaning when used in this Notice. Information We Collect We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (" personal information "). Personal information does not include: Publicly available information from government records. Deidentified, aggregated, or anonymized information that is maintained in a form that is not capable of being associated with or linked to a California consumer. Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, including: Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA), clinical trial data, or other qualifying research data; Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994. In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months: Category Examples Collected A. Identifiers. A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. YES B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. YES C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). YES D. Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. YES E. Biometric information. Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. YES F. Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. YES G. Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. YES H. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. NO I. Professional or employment-related information. Current or past job history or performance evaluations. YES J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. NO K. Inferences drawn from other personal information. Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. YES We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or services of ours that you use. Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our website, www.marinusanalytics.com (the “Website”) or Traffic Jam tool or from automated data collection technologies in connection therewith. From information you post, or that is posted about you, in online advertisements or postings on publicly available websites or services to further our efforts to combat human trafficking. Individuals who are the subject of such online advertisements or postings are referred to in this Notice as “Ad Subjects.” Use of Personal Information We may use, sell, or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes: To enable us to provide our services to law enforcement and other customers relating to the identification of human trafficking activity and efforts to stop or hinder that activity and prosecute those who violate laws relating to human trafficking. To support academic or other collaborations for research purposes relating to human trafficking activity with the ultimate goal of stopping or hindering such activity and prosecuting those who violate laws relating to human trafficking. To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services, including our Traffic Jam tool. To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses. To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business. For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and services, including our Traffic Jam tool. To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA. To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our consumers is among the assets transferred. We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. Sharing Personal Information We may share your personal information by disclosing it to a third party for a business purpose. We only make these business purpose disclosures under legally enforceable written obligations that require the third party to keep the personal information confidential and prohibit use of the disclosed information for any purpose except performing the specified services for us or as otherwise permitted under the CCPA. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed personal information for a business purpose to the categories of third parties indicated in the chart below. We may also share your personal information by selling it to third parties, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales. We do not sell personal information of our customers, users, website visitors or those on our mailing lists; we only sell personal information of Ad Subjects as part of our efforts to combat human trafficking. Our personal information sales do not include information about individuals we know are under age 16. If we become aware of a California resident under the age of 16 whose is an Ad Subject and whose personal information is included in sales to third parties, we will delete that information from our databases, except to report information as required by law or to assist law enforcement and others to investigate, hinder, halt and/or prosecute human trafficking and child abuse activity. In the preceding twelve (12) months, the Company has sold the following categories of personal information to the categories of third parties indicated in the chart below. For more on your personal information sale rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights. Personal Information Category Category of Third-Party Recipients: Business Purpose Disclosures Category of Third-Party Recipients: Sales A. Identifiers. Cloud hosting, storage, and data services, email services providers, internal and third-party messaging/chat systems, business support services, and developer tools providers Law enforcement; other data and/or service customers for the purposes of detecting or hindering human trafficking activity, including businesses, nonprofit organizations, and government entities; academic researchers B: California Customer Records personal information categories. Cloud hosting, storage, and data services, email services providers, internal and third-party messaging/chat systems, business support services, and developer tools providers Law enforcement; other data and/or service customers for the purposes of detecting or hindering human trafficking activity, including businesses, nonprofit organizations, and government entities; academic researchers C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Cloud hosting, storage, and data services, email services providers, internal and third-party messaging/chat systems, business support services, and developer tools providers Law enforcement; other data and/or service customers for the purposes of detecting or hindering human trafficking activity, including businesses, nonprofit organizations, and government entities; academic researchers D. Commercial information. Cloud hosting, storage, and data services, email services providers, internal and third-party messaging/chat systems, business support services, and developer tools providers None E. Biometric information. Cloud hosting, storage, and data services, email services providers, internal and third-party messaging/chat systems, business support services, and developer tools providers Law enforcement; other data and/or service customers for the purposes of detecting or hindering human trafficking activity, including businesses, nonprofit organizations, and government entities; academic researchers F. Internet or other similar network activity. Cloud hosting, storage, and data services, email services providers, internal and third-party messaging/chat systems, business support services, and developer tools providers Law enforcement; other data and/or service customers for the purposes of detecting or hindering human trafficking activity, including businesses, nonprofit organizations, and government entities; academic researchers G. Geolocation data. Cloud hosting, storage, and data services, email services providers, internal and third-party messaging/chat systems, business support services, and developer tools providers Law enforcement; other data and/or service customers for the purposes of detecting or hindering human trafficking activity, including businesses, nonprofit organizations, and government entities; academic researchers H. Sensory data. None None I. Professional or employment-related information. Cloud hosting, storage, and data services, email services providers, internal and third-party messaging/chat systems, business support services, and developer tools providers Law enforcement; other data and/or service customers for the purposes of detecting or hindering human trafficking activity, including businesses, nonprofit organizations, and government entities; academic researchers J: Non-public education information. None None K. Inferences drawn from other personal information. Cloud hosting, storage, and data services, email services providers, internal and third-party messaging/chat systems, business support services, and developer tools providers Law enforcement; other data and/or service customers for the purposes of detecting or hindering human trafficking activity, including businesses, nonprofit organizations, and government entities; academic researchers Your Rights and Choices The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights. Right to Know and Data Portability You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months (the "right to know"). Once we receive your request and confirm your identity (see Exercising Your Rights to Know or Delete), we will disclose to you: The categories of personal information we collected about you. The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained. The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request). We do not provide a right to know or data portability disclosure for business-to-business (B2B) personal information. Right to Delete You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions (the "right to delete"). Once we receive your request and confirm your identity (see Exercising Your Rights to Know or Delete), we will review your request to see if an exception allowing us to retain the information applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. Debug products and services to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq. ). Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. Comply with a legal obligation. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. We will delete or deidentify personal information not subject to one of these exceptions from our records and will direct our service providers to take similar action. We do not provide these deletion rights for B2B personal information. Exercising Your Rights to Know or Delete To exercise your rights to know or delete described above, please submit a request by either: Calling us at (866) 945-2803 Emailing us at privacy@marinusanalytics.com . Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request to know or delete related to your personal information. Designating an Authorized Agent To designate an authorized agent, you must provide the authorized agent signed permission to submit the request, (2) verify your identity directly with us, and (3) directly confirm to us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. The foregoing will not apply if you have provided the authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4121 to 4130. Requirements for Submission Requests You may only submit a request to know twice within a 12-month period. Your request to know or delete must: Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. The information we request and the degree of verification you will need to provide will depend on the scope of your request.  Requests for copies of specific pieces of your personal information may require additional information to verify your identity as compared to general Requests to Know.  The information that we will need to verify your identity for Requests to Delete will depend on the nature of your request.  For example, we may require a reasonably high degree of certainty for verification of a request to delete documents or files. Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. We will only use personal information provided in the request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make it. For instructions on exercising your sale opt-out or opt-in rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights. Response Timing and Format We will confirm receipt of your request within ten (10) business days. We endeavor to substantively respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to another 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. In addition, we will not honor your request where an exception under the California law applies, such as where the disclosure of personal information would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another consumer or where the personal information we have about you is not subject to the CCPA’s access or deletion rights.  We also will advise you in our response if we are not able to honor your request for these reasons. Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights If you are age 16 or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years old. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link: https://www.marinusanalytics.com/do-not-sell-my-personal-information You also may opt out as follows: Calling us at (866) 945-2803 Emailing us at privacy@marinusanalytics.com . Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back into personal information sales at any time by calling or emailing us at the phone number or email address immediately above. You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Other California Privacy Rights California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@marinusanalytics.com or write us at: Marinus Analytics, PO Box 6127, Pittsburgh, PA 15212-9998. Changes to This Notice We reserve the right to amend this Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this Notice, we will post the updated Notice on the Website and update the Notice's effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes . Contact Information If you have any questions or comments about this Notice, the ways in which Marinus Analytics, LLC collects and uses your information described here and in the Privacy Policy , your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at: Phone : (866) 945-2803 Email : privacy@marinusanalytics.com Postal Address : Marinus Analytics, LLC Attn: Privacy PO Box 6127, Pittsburgh, PA 15212-9998 If you need to access this Notice in an alternative format due to having a disability, please contact privacy@marinusanalytics.com or (866) 945-2803. Join our mailing list! Stay connected, receive company updates, and learn more about human trafficking! Name * First Name Last Name Email * By clicking Submit, I affirm that I have read and agree to the Marinus Terms of Use and acknowledge the Marinus Privacy Policy and, as applicable, its Privacy Notice for California Residents . Thank you! We respect your privacy. On AI and Facial Recognition On Victim-Centered Policing Back To Top (866) 945-2803 info@marinusanalytics.com Careers Privacy Policy (Updated) Terms of Use Do Not Sell My Personal Information Cart ( 0 )